Privacy Topics 
Privacy Policy 
Our Commitment to You...
Acer Inc., of 8/F, No. 88, Sec. 1, Xin Tai 5th Road, Xizhi, New Taipei City 221, and its group of companies around the world (a list of which can be found at website_url_lnk (collectively, "Acer", "our" or "we") respect the privacy of our customers and online visitors.
This Privacy Policy is to inform you of our online information practices, our practices concerning the collection, storage, processing, transfer and use of personal information, and the choices available regarding the collection and use of your personal information, including the Acer account registration and related services (the so-called "AcerID") and other Acer services, such as our website and the newsletter service (the "Service").
Furthermore, this Privacy Policy is intended to ensure compliance with the data protection laws that are applicable. Depending on your location additional information is applicable to the processing of your personal information. This information will be provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
You can access the Acer service (the "Service") through our websites, applications on Devices, through APIs, and through third-parties. A "Device" is any computer used to access our Service, including without limitation a desktop, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic devices. This Privacy Policy governs your access of our Service, regardless of how you access it. You can register for an AcerID on our website or when you start using the Device for the first time.
By using our Service and-/ or registering for an AcerID you acknowledge and, where relevant consent, to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy.
What We Collect and How We Collect It:
We collect various kinds of information to help us better serve our customers and visitors to our website internet Protocol Addresses. For each visitor accessing or using our Service or browsing our website, our web server automatically recognizes and stores the visitor's IP address (the internet protocol address of the visitor's computer) to determine which areas of our website are being visited and how long each visitor spends there. This information helps us understand visitors' traffic patterns through our Service and website so that we can enhance the overall usability of our website. Your computer provides this information automatically each time you log on, unless you have activated blocking technology available in some browsers.
We collect various kinds of information to help us better serve our customers and visitors to our website device Information. We may collect device-specific information, such as your hardware model, operating system version and unique device identifiers. We may also collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
We collect various kinds of information to help us better serve our customers and visitors to our website cookies. We will use cookies in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.
We collect various kinds of information to help us better serve our customers and visitors to our website personal Information. While we do not generally require that you provide us with individually identifiable information in order to visit, access or use our website, at times we may ask you to provide us with personal information that is associated with individually identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, country, language, demographic information, or persistent identifier (such as user name and password). Providing us with this information allows you to create an AcerID, make purchases, register products, receive support, correspond with us, participate in online surveys, subscribe to mailing lists or newsletters, or register for special purchase discounts. We do not require you to provide sensitive personal information (such as information about your health, political or religious beliefs, criminal offences alleged or committed, or sexual orientation), and request that you do not provide us with such information. Any such information you do provide voluntarily to us will be used only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We collect various kinds of information to help us better serve our customers and visitors to our website acerID. In order to allow you to create an AcerID, we will need to collect and process some or all of the following information: e-mail address, name, surname, social sign-on ID (such as Facebook ID and Google ID), country and language. This information is the minimum and therefore necessary in order to allow you to create an AcerID. Upon creation of the AcerID, you may also complete your profile by providing further information, such as your phone number, address, information necessary for an Acer product registration, and so on. Moreover, you can also manage your personal profile by choosing to receive the Acer newsletter and other communications, with regard to which you can effectively unsubscribe at any time. 
We collect various kinds of information to help us better serve our customers and visitors to our website Acer Newsletter. You can also choose to receive our newsletter without creating an AcerID. In this respect, the only information we need to collect and process is your e-mail address, country and language which are necessary to send you our newsletter.
What We Do with Personal Information and With Whom We Share Your Personal Information:
Personal information may be used to support your customer relationship with Acer. We want to use this data to tailor your experience at our website and with us generally. We do not collect or use personal information for any unrelated purposes, other than when obligated or permitted by local laws to do so without informing you in advance or without obtaining your express consent.
Your personal information is collected and subsequently processed for the following purposes: to comply with specific requests made by you, such as in order to allow you to create an Acer ID and to give you access to a set of related services (i.e., registration of your Acer device, creation of an own cloud universe with abApps and receiving support). The processing of your personal data for this purpose does not require your previous consent.
Your personal information is collected and subsequently processed for the following purposes: for marketing purposes. Unless you instruct us otherwise (as described below), we will send you information about our various product upgrades, special offers and other new products and services from Acer that we feel may be of interest to you. Only Acer (or agents working on behalf of Acer) will send you these direct communications. If you do not want to receive such communications, simply tell us when you give us your personal information. You may also opt-out of receiving future communications at any time by contacting Acer; see the opt-out section below.
If applicable laws require so, we will send you these direct communications only upon your explicit consent (optional). If you have provided your consent but no longer wish to receive such communications, simply tell us when you receive the newsletter by following the "Unsubscribe procedure" available in the newsletter. You may also opt-out of receiving future communications at any time by contacting Acer. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal. To the extent permitted by law, the information you provide may be accessed, processed or stored by, or transferred to, any member of the Acer group of companies (or their subcontractors) at locations around the world, including those located in countries where you do not live. These locations include countries that do not ensure an adequate level of protection of personal information. A list of Acer entities (and their respective registered offices) that may receive your data in those locations can be found at website_url_lnk This use may continue even if they cease to be a member of the Acer group of companies. All of the Acer companies that receive your personal information will use it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Acer may share your personal information with an outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation, advertising or the improvement or development of these activities.
Your information may be shared with Acer's agents or contractors for the purposes of providing services, processing transactions or performing statistical analysis for an Acer company. For example, if we need to ship something to you, we must share your name and address with a shipping company. We only provide third party agents or contractors with the minimum amount of information needed to complete the requested services or transaction.
In some limited circumstances, your information may also be disclosed to third parties where we are legally required or entitled to do so, for example in response to a request from a government or regulatory authority or in connection with potential legal proceedings. Acer is not responsible for the actions of any government or regulatory authority with respect to your information or data.
We may also use your information to comply with laws or to defend ourselves in claims under such laws, or when necessary to exercise Acer's legitimate business interests and needs, in which case special care is taken to safeguard your rights and to ensure any use of your personal information is fair, lawful and proportionate.
If we merge with, or any part of the Acer group is acquired by, another business (or enter into discussions concerning the same) we may share your information with such a business and its advisers; however, if we do so, we will ensure steps are taken so that your rights in relation to your information continue to be protected.
Children's Guidelines:
Acer will NOT knowingly collect online contact information from children or minors (as defined by local requirements), and if we learn that we have personal information about a child or minor, we will delete it from our systems. Acer encourages parents or guardians (including other legal representatives) to spend time online with their children and to participate in their online activities. Children or minors are eligible to use our online sales transactions services ONLY with a parent's or guardian's consent to and payment for the transaction, or to the extent permitted by applicable law. If you are a child or a minor, you are required to get the permission of your parents or guardians in order to complete certain transactions on this website.
Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Aggregated Information:
Acer may also collect, aggregate and maintain anonymous information about our customers and online visitors to our website, such as visitors' hobbies, interests, purchasing habits and the like. This data can then be used to tailor our content and advertising to deliver a better experience for our visitors. In addition, Acer may also share such aggregate information about our visitors with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties, for example, to inform them of the percentage of male/female visitors or the percentage of visitors within a particular age range.
Your personal data and profiles shall not be rented, nor sold to third parties without your prior explicit consent.
Security Measures:
We protect the personal information which you share with us against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of or access to personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed. At Acer, access to your personal information is limited to people who need it to do their work. It is our policy to maintain the integrity of any personal information in our possession. To prevent security breaches, Acer uses several security techniques, such as SET or industry-standard Secure Socket Layer encryption for transmission of credit card information or wherever personal information is required, to protect any personal information from unauthorized access by users; however, we cannot and do not guarantee security on the internet.
Furthermore, we seek to ensure that we keep your personal data accurate and up to date. We therefore kindly request you to inform us of any changes to your personal data (such as a change in your contact details).
Inquiries or Questions, Your Rights:
In connection with processing of your personal data, you have certain rights you have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not your personal data is processed as well as access to your personal data and to which personal data is processed.
In connection with processing of your personal data, you have certain rights you have the right to be informed of the source of your personal data; the purposes and methods of the processing; the data custodian's identity; and the third-party entities or categories of entities to whom or which the personal data may be communicated.
In connection with processing of your personal data, you have certain rights you have the right to obtain: updating, rectification or integration of your data; and erasure, anonymization or blocking of your data if processed unlawfully.
In connection with processing of your personal data, you have certain rights you have the right to object, in whole or in part on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your personal data, even though the data is relevant to the purpose of the collection; and to the processing of your personal data, where it is made for the purpose of sending advertising materials or direct selling, or else for the performance of market or commercial communication surveys.
If you have questions or concerns about Acer policies and practices for handling personal information received through this online service, please contact privacy.officer@acer.com. Alternatively, for specific application and local data handling queries, please contact the Acer entity to which you submitted your information. Contact addresses for each Acer entity can be found at website_url_lnk In order to allow us to provide you with faster service, please submit inquiries in English if possible and advise us of the country you are contacting us from, along with a description of the make and model of your products (if applicable).
How to Opt-Out of Our Use of Your Personal Information:
You may, at any time, opt-out of our use of your personal information by contacting us via the contact details below. We will remove your personal information from our databases as soon as reasonably possible.
Linked Websites:
Other websites that are linked to/from our website may have different policies. Acer does not share any personal information collected with those websites and is not responsible for any information or content of those websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on those websites for details. Acer does not warrant or support any information or policies given on any website that is not controlled by Acer.
Policy Governing Use; Changes to Privacy Policy:
This Privacy Policy shall be written in various languages. In the event of any inconsistency in this Privacy Policy between the English version and any other version, the English version shall prevail. The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use and any information collected while it is in place. Acer reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and we therefore encourage you to check our website from time to time for update. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective at the time they are posted to our website.
Questions:
For any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our website, please contact us at: privacy.officer@acer.com. In order to allow us to provide you with faster service, please submit inquiries in English if possible and advise us of the country you are contacting us from, along with a description of the make and model of your products (if applicable).
Alternatively, for specific application and local data handling queries, please contact the Acer entity to which you submitted your information. Contact addresses for each Acer entity can be found at website_url_lnk
Users from Outside of the United States:
If you are visiting our website from outside of the United States or otherwise contacting us from outside of the United States, please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to, stored or processed in, the United States, where many of our servers are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using our Service, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Users from the United States:
If you are a resident of the United States, in addition to the rights that you have under Acer's privacy policy, you may have certain rights under your state's laws as to your personal information that a company collects, uses, discloses or sells. {ACER DOES NOT SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.} These rights may include the following: the right to know what personal information is collected and how that information is used, disclosed or sold; the right to delete; the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the sharing of personal information for cross-context behavioral marketing purposes; the right to correct; the right to restrict the processing of sensitive personal information; and the right to be free from discrimination for exercising any of these rights. More information about Acer's collection and use of personal information and these rights, including ways to exercise your rights, can be found on Acer's United States Privacy Home Page. To the extent that any of these rights are in conflict with Acer's privacy policy, these rights shall govern. 
Users from Brazil:
As a resident of Brazil, in addition to the rights that you have under Acer's privacy policy, you have certain rights under Brazilian law as to your personal data that Acer processes. These rights include the right to: confirmation of the fact of processing; access data; correct incorrect or outdated data; anonymization, blocking or elimination of unnecessary or excess data; portability of data to other service providers; eliminate data; information about to whom personal data was provided; information on consequences of not providing consent; revoke consent; and petition the public authority, if you believe that Acer is not handling your personal data correctly. Further detail about these rights can be found on Acer's Brazil Privacy Home Page (website_url_lnk To the extent that any of these rights are in conflict with Acer's privacy policy, these rights shall govern.
Users from the EEA and the United Kingdom:
If you are located in the European Union, the General Data Protection Regulation is applicable to the processing of your personal information. Therefore, in this paragraph, we provide you with additional information relating to the processing of your personal information. 
For users from the EEA and the United Kingdom, Acer Inc. qualifies as the data controller for processing of your personal data in the context of the AcerID, the Service and the related personal information. To contact us and to exercise your rights, please click here: website_url_lnk
For Users from the European Union and Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway (hereinafter collectively referred to as "EEA") and the United Kingdom: we kindly refer you to website_url_lnk where you can find more specific Privacy Policies that are applicable to you in the context of Acers other activities (which activities are not covered by this Privacy Policy).
Your personal data will not be stored for longer than is necessary in relation to the purposes for which we process them. Only where we are legally obliged to, or where this is necessary for defending our interests in the context of judicial proceedings (for example in case of a dispute), we will store the personal data for longer periods. For example, due to legal administration, retention or tax obligations. Personal data that we process in the context of a purchase made by you, will be kept throughout the life cycle of agreements we conclude with you and, after the termination thereof, in accordance with the statutory limitation periods.
In relation to creating an AcerID, we collect and process the personal information as stated under paragraph 2. We will process your personal information relating to your AcerID at least for the duration of the warranty periods of any of our products registered by you and thereafter as long as you maintain and active AcerID.
The legal grounds used for our processing activities are: 
The processing is necessary for the performance and execution of a contract with you: 
to create, register and manage your AcerID, to facilitate your purchases, to register products with your AcerID, to subscribe to mailing lists or newsletters, to register for special purchase discounts through your AcerID.
The processing is necessary for compliance with legal obligations: 
To comply with a(n) order or request of a competent authority or court of law.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest: 
To inform you of new or similar products, product updates, special offers and to run and coordinate promotional events.
To conduct research and analysis and to improve our services, products, webstore and the quality thereof.
To handle queries, complaints, disputes and proceedings in relation to our website and to ensure our legal position herein.
To administer our website and to prevent or detect fraud, or abuses and to protect our assets, business and personnel.
In the context of a business transaction and for administrative purposes.
To support your customer relationship with Acer.
To tailor your experience at our website and with Acer generally.
To create audiences for Acer's marketing purposes, to target potential customers with advertisements of our products via social media companies, digital/marketing agencies and other online service providers.
To participate in online surveys.
The processing is based on your consent: 
For marketing purposes, to inform you of new or similar products, product updates, special offers and to run and coordinate promotional events, if required under applicable laws.
For the further processing of your personal data for other purposes than the data was collected for if required under applicable data protection laws.
Transfer of your personal data 
Where your personal information is transferred to an Acer company or agent outside of the EEA, or to a third party outside the EEA, appropriate steps are put in place to provide adequate protection for the data, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation. Where applicable, data transfers may take place on the respective decision of the European Commission on the adequate protection of personal data and based on other agreements recognized by the European Union. For other transfers, we have implemented adequate measures (for example the EU Standard Contractual Clauses). 
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to data and information that you save to the cloud storage services if the data and information are stored in a server outside of Europe. In such case, you are solely responsible for and assume all risks associated with your storage of your data outside of Europe.
Additional rights 
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority in your country relating to the processing of your personal data by us.
You have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit(ted) your personal data to another organization ("data portability").
Users from South Africa:
If you are located in the Republic of South Africa, the following paragraphs provide additional information as to how we process your personal information.
General
References to "law", "regulations" and "European Legislation" should be interpreted to include all applicable South African laws, including the Protection of Personal Information Act 4 of 2013 and the Promotion of Access to Information Act 2 of 2002.
The terms "personal data", "process", "controller", "processor", "data subject" and such other terms and related terms as well as analogous terms will have the meaning assigned to them under the Protection of Personal Information Act 4 of 2013.
Communication of personal data: 
Where the information provided by you is transferred by Acer company in South Africa to an Acer company or agent outside of South Africa, appropriate steps are put in place to provide adequate protection for the data. This steps include, but are not limited to, concluding separate data protection agreements with the recipients of your information.
To the extent that Acer discloses a users' personal data to institutions, authorities, public bodies, professionals, independent consultants, including associations, third parties performing technical and organizational services of which Acer may avail itself for the purposes specified above, as well as in the case of mergers, acquisitions, sales of companies, business units, activities or other extraordinary transactions, Acer will ensure that appropriate steps are put in place to provide adequate protection for the data, which will include the conclusion of appropriate agreements regulating the processing of personal data by the processor / operator.
User's rights 
In addition to what is set out above, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the South African Information Regulator, the authority responsible for data protection and privacy in South Africa. To contact us and to exercise your rights, please click here: website_url_lnk
Users from Taiwan:
If you are a user from Taiwan, we hereby draw your attention to the following in accordance with the relevant law and regulations of Taiwan: we will maintain and, when necessary, use your personal data from the time when you provide it to us through any means until you request us to delete it. The geographical scope of our use of your personal data is limited to Taiwan, the jurisdiction in which you locate and the place where Acer's subsidiary operates only.
If you are a user from Taiwan, we hereby draw your attention to the following in accordance with the relevant law and regulations of Taiwan: you may exercise the following rights with respect to your personal data pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Law: any inquiry and request for a review of the personal information (fees apply depending on each individual case).
If you are a user from Taiwan, we hereby draw your attention to the following in accordance with the relevant law and regulations of Taiwan: you may exercise the following rights with respect to your personal data pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Law: any request to make duplications of the personal information (fees apply depending on each individual case).
If you are a user from Taiwan, we hereby draw your attention to the following in accordance with the relevant law and regulations of Taiwan: you may exercise the following rights with respect to your personal data pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Law: any request to supplement or correct the personal information.
If you are a user from Taiwan, we hereby draw your attention to the following in accordance with the relevant law and regulations of Taiwan: you may exercise the following rights with respect to your personal data pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Law: any request to discontinue collection, processing or use of personal information; and
If you are a user from Taiwan, we hereby draw your attention to the following in accordance with the relevant law and regulations of Taiwan: you may exercise the following rights with respect to your personal data pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Law: any request to delete the personal information.
If you are a user from Taiwan, we hereby draw your attention to the following in accordance with the relevant law and regulations of Taiwan: you may exercise the following rights with respect to your personal data pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Law: the servers providing online services process and store an enormous amount of information each day and keep a record of the processing performed. These computer records are called "log files". After the information in the log files has been processed, it is stored and blocked from further access. Until the information is stored, your account information may remain in our active server log files.
The servers providing online services process and store an enormous amount of information each day and keep a record of the processing performed. These computer records are called "log files". After the information in the log files has been processed, it is stored and blocked from further access. Until the information is stored, your account information may remain in our active server log files.
If the data which you provide contains the personal data of any third party, you confirm that such third party has knowledge of the rights under this Privacy Policy, and guarantee that you have obtained the consent of such third party and authorize us to use the personal data of such third party in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you decline to provide, or request us to cease using, processing and using or request us to delete, your personal data, we will be unable to contact you for the relevant matters regarding our Service, keep a record for future inquiry, provide you with the latest information of the our Service or conduct customer review, and we may not continue our Service and shall not be responsible for any losses arising therefrom.
In the event that the personal data which you provide to us is insufficient to confirm the authenticity of your identity, or that it is the result of any false identity or identity theft or is unreal, we are entitled to terminate our Service to you. We apologize for any inconvenience caused as a result thereof, if any.
Users from Mainland China:
If you are a user from Mainland China, we remind you in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China: Please visit the following website for the applicable privacy policy in your case: website_url_lnk
Latest update: 11/2024 