AMD Website Accessibility Statement
Cookies 
Last Revised: February 14, 2022
This Cookie Policy forms part of the Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Privacy Policy. It explains our use of cookies (a small data file that we set onto your browser or device's hard drive (such as your computer, smartphone, tablet, smart TV, gaming console and so on)) and similar technologies such as web beacons and pixels (clear picture files used to keep track of your navigation through the Sites), local shared objects (also known as 'flash cookies' that are similar to browser cookies, but can store data more complex than simple text) or pixels (collectively "cookies"). It also explains how you can control the use of cookies on websites owned and operated by or on behalf of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., and its affiliates (including Xilinx, Inc.) and subsidiaries ("AMD", "we", "our" or "us"). This Cookie Policy applies to each of the AMD websites that link to it (collectively the "Sites").
What are cookies?
Cookies are pieces of code that allow for personalization of your experiences on any of the Sites by saving your information such as user ID and other preferences. Like many websites, we use cookies to help operate the Sites, make navigation on the Sites more efficient, help remember your preferences and generally improve your browsing experience. They can also adjust advertisements that you see online so they may be more relevant to you and your interests.
Cookies may be used directly by AMD ("first-party cookies") or by other companies ("third-party cookies") on the Sites.
How does AMD use cookies?
We use the following types of cookies: strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are technically required for the operation of the Sites. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging into secure areas of the Sites or filling in forms. These cookies store data such as online identifiers (including IP address and device identifiers) along with the information used to operate the Sites. We may estimate your geographic location based on your IP address to help us display the content available in your location and adjust the operation of the Sites.
We use the following types of cookies: performance cookies. These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Sites when they use them. This helps us to understand what areas of the Sites are of interest to you and to improve the way the Sites work, for example, by helping you find what you are looking for easily. We may use third party web analytics providers to help us analyze the use of the Sites, email, and newsletters. These cookies store data such as online identifiers (including IP address and device identifiers), information about your web browser and operating system, website usage activity information (including the frequency of your visits, your actions on the Sites and, if you arrived at any of the Sites from another website, i.e. the URL of that website), and content-related activity (including the email and newsletter content you view and click on).
We use the following types of cookies: functionality cookies. These cookies are used to recognize you when you return to the Sites. This enables us to remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region) or when you register on areas of the Sites, such as our web programs or extranets. These cookies store data such as online identifiers (including IP address and device identifiers) along with the information used to provide the function.
We use the following types of cookies: targeting cookies. These cookies record online identifiers (including IP address and device identifiers), information about your web browser and operating system, website usage activity information (such as information about your visit to the Sites, the pages you have visited, content you have viewed, and the links you have followed), and content-related activity (including the email and newsletter content you view and click on). The information is used to try to make the Sites, emails, and newsletters, and the advertising displayed on them and other websites more relevant to your interests. For instance, when you visit the Sites, these targeting cookies are used by third party providers for remarketing purposes to allow them to show you advertisements for our products when you visit other websites on the internet. Our third party providers may collect and combine information collected through the Sites, emails, and newsletters with other information about your visits to other websites and apps over time, if those websites and apps also use the same providers.
AMD and Xilinx currently collect cookies separately with separate preference controls. You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for such cookies in the cookie management tool available from the Cookie Settings link at the footer of our Sites.
How long do cookies last?
Cookies can remain on your device for different periods of time. Some cookies are 'session cookies', meaning that they exist only while your website browser is open and are deleted automatically when you close your browser. Other cookies are persistent cookies, meaning they survive after your browser is closed so that websites recognize your browser or device when you later re-open your browser and browse the internet again.
AMD and Xilinx currently collect cookies separately with separate preference controls. You can find more information about the duration of individual cookies we use in the cookie management tool available from the Cookie Settings link at the footer of our Sites.
How to control cookies
You can control the use of cookies on the Sites through our cookie management tool, your internet browser, or through other third party services cookie management tool: You can customize or change your cookie preferences at any time by accessing our cookie management tool, available from the Cookie Settings link at the footer of our Sites, including withdrawing any consent you provided at any time.
You can control the use of cookies on the Sites through our cookie management tool, your internet browser, or through other third party services internet browser: You can also control and delete cookies through most browsers by changing your cookie settings. These settings will typically be found in the "options" or "preferences" menu of your browser.
You can control the use of cookies on the Sites through our cookie management tool, your internet browser, or through other third party services other third party services: You can visit website_url_lnk where you will find comprehensive information on cookie management and blocking relevant to a wide range of browsers.
To restrict which cookies may be set for personalized advertising purposes, you will find relevant information and tools on website_url_lnk website_url_lnk and website_url_lnk
You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at website_url_lnk
To find out more about flash cookies or how to disable them, you can visit: website_url_lnk
Please note that if you withdraw your consent or disable certain cookies, you may not be able to use the full functionalities of the Sites. Various methods of deleting or blocking cookies may not be fully effective for all types of cookies and similar technologies, such as Local Storage Objects like flash cookies or HTML.
If you are a resident of California, by using the Sites, you are using and directing us to intentionally allow third party providers to collect personal information and use cookies to allow them to provide analytics and personalized advertising services to us so that we can provide and improve the Sites and our products and services and provide you with content, marketing, and advertising we believe is more relevant to you. Currently, the Sites do not respond to browser "Do Not Track" signals.
Cookie Settings to watch this video. Please refresh the page after enabling all cookies.">