AMD Website Accessibility Statement
Advanced Micro Devices, Privacy Notice
Last Revised: April 25, 2024
We are Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a company incorporated in the state of Delaware, United States with its headquarters located at 2485 Augustine Drive, Santa Clara, CA, 95054, and its affiliates (including Xilinx, Inc.) and subsidiaries ("AMD", "we", "our" or "us"). This Privacy Notice explains how we use your personal information when you use our products, services, or technologies or provide us with your personal information in other ways both online and offline. This Privacy Notice also explains the steps we take to honor your personal information privacy rights.
Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources
Direct Marketing
Disclosure of Information
Security and Quality
Retention
Cross-Border Data Transfers
Children
AMD's Cookies Policy
Global Privacy Control Signals
Links to External Websites
Your Privacy Rights
Changes, Oversight and Questions
Information for Individuals located in the European Economic Area, UK and Switzerland
Information for Individuals Residing in the United States
Additional Notice for California Residents
Additional Notice for Nevada Residents
How to Submit a Request
Information for Individuals Located in Brazil
Information for Individuals Located in Mainland China
Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources
"Personal information" means information that identifies, relates to, or describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or (in certain countries) household. This may include, without limitation, information that identifies you or which could be used to identify you, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, or persistent device identifier.
We collect several categories of personal information from you, depending on the AMD product, service, or technology you use, including websites operated by AMD and its affiliates, social media pages, mobile applications, business communications platforms (e.g., Slack), and other online services (collectively, the "Sites"), or information you otherwise provide to us through our interactions online and offline. We may also collect personal information about you from others. We use personal information for typical business management, operational and commercial purposes (including to defend and protect us and others from harm or legal claims, and as required by applicable law), and as described more specifically below online submissions: We collect personal information when you interact with us online, including personal identifiers and professional and employment information. We collect personal identifiers (such as your name, phone number, email address, postal address, username, and password) and professional and employment information (such as your job title, company name, and information about your company and job function) to respond to your requests, process and fulfill orders; register you for an AMD service, event, or program; facilitate surveys, administer promotions, campaigns, sweepstakes, and contests; perform Site functionality; manage accounts and preferences; provide downloadable content and online training and events; respond to customer service requests; and communicate with you for marketing and informational purposes (subject to the 'Direct Marketing' section below). To register for some events in certain countries, AMD may collect date of birth and passport information directly from you if necessary to facilitate your attendance and provide services you request in connection with your attendance of AMD events. If you choose not to register on a Site, you may have limited functionality. For example, you may not be able to participate in forum discussions on a Site without registering.
We collect several categories of personal information from you, depending on the AMD product, service, or technology you use, including websites operated by AMD and its affiliates, social media pages, mobile applications, business communications platforms (e.g., Slack), and other online services (collectively, the "Sites"), or information you otherwise provide to us through our interactions online and offline. We may also collect personal information about you from others. We use personal information for typical business management, operational and commercial purposes (including to defend and protect us and others from harm or legal claims, and as required by applicable law), and as described more specifically below online submissions: We collect personal information when you interact with us online, including message and product review content. We collect the messages you submit through contact, customer service, sign-up, forum, survey, purchase and product review forms and through the use of your account to use communications features on the Sites. We use this information to respond to and fulfill your requests; better understand your preferences by cross referencing information provided by you through different channels and at different times, including by combining with other information that is publicly available or provided by third parties; and provide, enhance, and personalize our product, service, and technology offerings and the Sites.
We collect several categories of personal information from you, depending on the AMD product, service, or technology you use, including websites operated by AMD and its affiliates, social media pages, mobile applications, business communications platforms (e.g., Slack), and other online services (collectively, the "Sites"), or information you otherwise provide to us through our interactions online and offline. We may also collect personal information about you from others. We use personal information for typical business management, operational and commercial purposes (including to defend and protect us and others from harm or legal claims, and as required by applicable law), and as described more specifically below online submissions: We collect personal information when you interact with us online, including audio and visual information. We receive any digital photos you submit through the Sites and post them to public areas of the Sites (including our social media pages) at your direction. We may also record audio during customer service calls for quality assurance and training purposes.
We collect several categories of personal information from you, depending on the AMD product, service, or technology you use, including websites operated by AMD and its affiliates, social media pages, mobile applications, business communications platforms (e.g., Slack), and other online services (collectively, the "Sites"), or information you otherwise provide to us through our interactions online and offline. We may also collect personal information about you from others. We use personal information for typical business management, operational and commercial purposes (including to defend and protect us and others from harm or legal claims, and as required by applicable law), and as described more specifically below online submissions: We collect personal information when you interact with us online, including commercial transaction information. We collect and generate commercial transaction information (such as records of products and services purchased) when you make purchases or register products on a Site. We may use this information to deliver and fulfill your orders, refer you to distributors and partners to assist you with your requests, improve our product and service offerings, tailor our marketing efforts, and administer accounts.
We collect several categories of personal information from you, depending on the AMD product, service, or technology you use, including websites operated by AMD and its affiliates, social media pages, mobile applications, business communications platforms (e.g., Slack), and other online services (collectively, the "Sites"), or information you otherwise provide to us through our interactions online and offline. We may also collect personal information about you from others. We use personal information for typical business management, operational and commercial purposes (including to defend and protect us and others from harm or legal claims, and as required by applicable law), and as described more specifically below online submissions: We collect personal information when you interact with us online, including online training (including the AMD Arena Program), event and program information. We collect and generate registration and participation information related to online training and events, such as your results and leader board position. We may also collect personal identifiers and professional and employment information for employment verification to ensure you are eligible to participate in online training and redeem AMD reward points. We use the information to operate and administer the training and events.
We collect several categories of personal information from you, depending on the AMD product, service, or technology you use, including websites operated by AMD and its affiliates, social media pages, mobile applications, business communications platforms (e.g., Slack), and other online services (collectively, the "Sites"), or information you otherwise provide to us through our interactions online and offline. We may also collect personal information about you from others. We use personal information for typical business management, operational and commercial purposes (including to defend and protect us and others from harm or legal claims, and as required by applicable law), and as described more specifically below online submissions: We collect personal information when you interact with us online, including inferences from the information listed above. AMD will use the information listed above in addition to publicly available information and information provided by certain third parties (such as lead generators) to draw inferences about your preferences and interests (such as your preferred products), to help us provide you with personalized content and offers, and to help us provide, enhance, and personalize our product, service, and technology offerings and the Sites.
We collect several categories of personal information from you, depending on the AMD product, service, or technology you use, including websites operated by AMD and its affiliates, social media pages, mobile applications, business communications platforms (e.g., Slack), and other online services (collectively, the "Sites"), or information you otherwise provide to us through our interactions online and offline. We may also collect personal information about you from others. We use personal information for typical business management, operational and commercial purposes (including to defend and protect us and others from harm or legal claims, and as required by applicable law), and as described more specifically below online submissions: We collect personal information when you interact with us online, including job applications. We collect and use the personal information you submit through job applications and the careers Sites to consider you for employment and facilitate the communities and communications on the Sites. For additional information about AMD's privacy practices related to recruiting through its careers Sites, please review the privacy notice on those Sites.
Product experience data collection: Participating in AMD's User Experience Program allows you to share information with us so that we can improve and develop our products, services, and technologies. For more information about this program and how it affects your personal information, visit AMD User Experience.
System and AMD product technical information: When you install AMD products and use AMD bug reporting tools, we may, with your consent to the extent legally required, collect technical information (some of which may constitute personal information) about the system and the AMD products and features that are installed and used on your system (collectively, "AMD Products"), including system and AMD Products information. Information about the system and its configuration, such as operating system (including version, display language) and basic input/output system ("BIOS") information, architecture and hardware information, unique device identifiers (such as client ID, SSID, and SSVID), build type (including type of workstation, graphic driver build details, driver type), usage information (such as, information regarding applications downloaded onto AMD Products by users and usage statistics in connection with such applications), system model and manufacturer, software versions, time zone/locale, and installation logs, configuration and interaction with AMD Products, installation reports (including detection, install, launch, System time when install started and ended, download time and size (in case of online install), performance reports, and other detailed graphics attributes and settings (e.g. language preferences).
System and AMD product technical information: When you install AMD products and use AMD bug reporting tools, we may, with your consent to the extent legally required, collect technical information (some of which may constitute personal information) about the system and the AMD products and features that are installed and used on your system (collectively, "AMD Products"), including error or bug reports. System and AMD Products event information relating to issues you may experience with the performance of your system, or the AMD Products you use, such as error, diagnostic, configuration, performance reports and crash data about software and hardware, and other information submitted to AMD when reporting a technical issue.
We use this technical information to troubleshoot AMD Product errors and remediate failures during the installation process, improve and develop AMD Products, better understand how AMD Products operate and how they are used, audit our customer's compliance with export restrictions, and improve security and your user experience.
You can elect to provide a full set of information during the installation process and during the use of the AMD Product. In the event of failure of an installation, we will in any case process a minimal set of System and AMD Product technical information to assess the failure.
Offline collection: We collect personal information when you interact with us offline, including conferences, trade shows, training, and similar events. You may provide us with personal information at conferences, trade shows, and similar events. Such personal information will typically consist of your personal identifiers (such as your name and contact details) and professional and employment information (such as your job title and company name from your business card or badge scan).
Offline collection: We collect personal information when you interact with us offline, including customer service. For quality and training purposes and to meet our legal obligations, we may monitor and record customer service calls, which may contain your personal information (such as personal identifiers, professional and employment information, and audio of the conversation).
Offline collection: We collect personal information when you interact with us offline, including facility visits. We may collect video and audio of you for security and internal business purposes when you visit our facilities.
Offline collection: We collect personal information when you interact with us offline, including university outreach. We collect personal identifiers and communications when we communicate with professors, researchers, and students for educational and research purposes.
Collection from others: In some cases, we obtain personal information from other sources, including from your employer. As part of providing products and services to your employer, your employer may provide personal information about you to us. Such information typically includes personal identifiers (such as your contact information) and professional and employment information (such as your job title and function).
Collection from others: In some cases, we obtain personal information from other sources, including from others selling our products and services. We may work with others (including resellers and merchants of our products and services) so they can sell products and services for us online and offline. When you purchase our products or services, we may receive personal identifiers (such as your name, email address, and shipping address) and commercial transaction information (such as the name of the products you purchased and the date of purchase) from others to fulfill your order, communicate with you about your order and other products, create aggregate and anonymous reports about products and services purchased, and as may be necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We encourage you to read Digital River's privacy notice for information about how they process your personal information.
Collection from others: In some cases, we obtain personal information from other sources, including for marketing purposes. We collect personal identifiers (such as your name and contact details) and professional and employment information (such as your job title and company name) from public and non-public sources for updates, newsletters, and marketing purposes (subject to the 'Direct Marketing' section below). Examples of public sources include trade directories or websites like LinkedIn. Examples of non-public sources include marketing companies from which we obtain marketing leads or event organizers where AMD is an exhibitor.
De-identified or Aggregated Information: We de-identify and aggregate personal information we receive and may use and disclose it for any purpose.
Direct Marketing
Where you consent in accordance with applicable law, we use your personal information to provide you with marketing communications, including, but not limited to information about our products and services, new launches, promotions, and special offers. We send such communications by: email, SMS text message, and any other form of electronic message, push notification, social network message, or any other medium which becomes relevant from time to time.
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from AMD at any time by writing to the AMD Communication Preference Centre at memberservices@amd-member.com or by following the unsubscribe instructions in the AMD communications. If you opt out of marketing communications, AMD may still contact you in the event of a change to our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Notice , Cookies Policy, concerning your account, or for other informational purposes.
Disclosure of Information
We share personal information for our business and commercial purposes and as more specifically described below we share personal information with our employees, independent contractors, and service providers (such as IT service vendors, website hosting facilities, and email distribution, customer support, sales and training services) so they can perform a business, professional, or technical support function for you or AMD. They are permitted to use the personal information only to provide the services to you and us.
We share personal information for our business and commercial purposes and as more specifically described below we share personal information (including personal identifiers) with trusted third parties to help us respond to inquiries, provide products and services to you such as fulfilling and delivering orders, processing payments, performing social media functions, and administering drawings, contests, training, and events. In these situations, you are directing us to intentionally disclose personal information so we can provide our products and services and respond to your requests.
We share personal information for our business and commercial purposes and as more specifically described below we share any personal information among our affiliates for business and commercial purposes.
We share personal information for our business and commercial purposes and as more specifically described below we may provide personal identifiers (such as your name) and training, event, and program attendance and participation information (such as your AMD Arena Program progress) to employer whose information you provide when you have registered to participate in an AMD training, event, or program in connection with your employment. Your employer's privacy policies also apply when they receive the information. 
We share personal information for our business and commercial purposes and as more specifically described below we will disclose personal identifiers (such as your name and email address) where you give us permission to disclose them for marketing and other purposes.
We share personal information for our business and commercial purposes and as more specifically described below we may disclose personal information about you to law enforcement, the courts, our advisors, and others who participate in the legal process, if necessary to do so by applicable law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to enforce or apply the Sites' Terms and Conditions, to comply with applicable law, or to protect AMD, the users of the Sites, and others.
We share personal information for our business and commercial purposes and as more specifically described below in the event of a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another business unit, we will provide relevant personal information to the persons and entities assuming control of such business unit, to our advisors, and as otherwise necessary to complete the transaction as permitted by law or contract.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information about you that we share with a third party will be held securely by that party and only be used for the purposes for which it was provided to them.
Security and Quality
AMD will take reasonable steps to protect personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. For example, when we transmit sensitive personal information over the internet, we use encryption. Please help us to keep your personal information secure by not using an obvious login name or password or giving your password to others. Although we make efforts to secure your personal information, we cannot guarantee the safety of any personal information you transmit to us online.
You can help AMD keep your personal information up-to-date by notifying AMD of any changes to your contact information, company name, or job title. On some Sites, you may update a profile page. You may also contact us to update your information at the address stated in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice.
Retention
We will retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, and reporting requirements. We may retain your personal information for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you. At the end of our retention period, we will either securely delete or anonymize the personal information. We may retain copies in backups and archives consistent with applicable laws and regulations.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
Where necessary, we may need to transfer your personal information to another country to enable us to provide you with our products and services, for marketing purposes, and for customer relationship management purposes. These transfers can take place within the AMD group of affiliates and subsidiaries but also to selected third parties (as explained in the 'Disclosure of Information' section of this Privacy Notice). Not all countries have laws offering the same level of protection for personal information as those where you are located when your personal information is received by AMD. AMD will take reasonable steps to transfer personal information using measures consistent with the legal requirements applicable to the personal information. For example, AMD will safeguard personal information received from an individual located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") consistent with the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 ("GDPR") when the personal information is stored in the EEA and transferred outside the EEA.
Children
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children, and no part of the Sites is directed to them. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may alert us at memberservices@amd-member.com. If we learn that we have collected any personal information from children, we reserve the right to delete it and terminate the child's account, if any.
AMD's Cookies Policy
We collect online identifiers (including IP address and device identifiers), information about your web browser and operating system, website usage activity information (including the frequency of your visits, your actions on the Sites (including whether you have downloaded any content or files), if you arrived at any of the Sites from another website, i.e. the URL of that website, and the website you visit after leaving a Site), and content-related activity (including the email and newsletter content you view and click on) when you visit the Sites or receive our emails or newsletters. As you interact with the Sites, we may collect this technical information by using cookies and other similar technologies. We use cookies and similar technologies to make navigation on the Sites more efficient, help remember your preferences, display personalized ads, and to generally improve your browsing experience. We use screen capture, session replay, and other web tracking technologies to assist us in providing technical support. We may also record meetings you have with us via audio (e.g., telephone) or video (e.g., video conferencing) for quality control and other internal business purposes. You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for such cookies in the cookie management tool available from the Cookie Settings link at the footer of our Sites. For further information on the use of cookies and other similar technology on the Sites, please see AMD's Cookies Policy here.
Global Privacy Control Signals
We receive and process Global Privacy Control Signals ("GPC Signal") for requests to opt-out of sale or sharing. We process the commonly used and industry standard GPC Signals but because this is new technology and new providers may offer solutions, we will do our best to recognize, process, and honor a GPC Signal that meets the legal standards and is widely adopted in the industry.
Links to External Websites
AMD's services and technologies, including its websites, may contain links to others' websites. These other websites are not covered by this Privacy Notice, and we are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to read the privacy notices of other websites.
Your Privacy Rights
Certain jurisdictions have specific legal requirements and grant privacy rights with respect to personal information, and we will comply with restrictions and any requests you submit as required by applicable law. For example, you may have the right to review, correct, and delete personal information we have about you, or to consent or withdraw consent to certain uses or sharing of personal information. You may be able to use a Site to access and update the personal information that you have provided to us. You may also exercise these rights by submitting a request as described in the 'How to Submit a Request' section below.
If you are a resident in the EEA, please also read the 'Information for Individuals Located in the European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland' section of this Privacy Notice. You may have additional rights in relation to your personal information.
If you are a resident of the United States, please also read the 'Information for Individuals Located in the United States' section of this Privacy Notice. 
If you are resident of California, please also read the 'Additional Notice for California Residents' section of this Privacy Notice. You may have additional rights in relation to your personal information.
If you are resident of Nevada, please also read the 'Additional Notice for Nevada Residents' section of this Privacy Notice. You may have additional rights in relation to your personal information.
If you are a resident of Brazil, please also read the 'Information for Individuals Located in Brazil' section of this Privacy Notice. You may have additional rights in relation to your personal information.
If you are a resident of Mainland China, please also read the 'Information for Individuals Located in Mainland China' section of this Privacy Notice. You may have additional rights in relation to your personal information.
Changes, Oversight and Questions
Due to the rapidly evolving changes on the internet and our business, we may update this Privacy Notice. Review this Privacy Notice to remain aware of our privacy practices. All revisions will be posted to the relevant Site. If we make any material changes, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). If you do not agree to the changes, please do not continue to use the Sites or AMD products or services through which you have provided or may provide us with your personal information.
Comments and questions regarding this Privacy Notice should be directed to memberservices@amd-member.com.
Information for Individuals Located in the European Economic Area, UK and Switzerland
European Economic Area ("EEA"), United Kingdom ("UK") and Swiss data protection laws offer additional rights and protections for individuals located in these countries. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland: controller: 
European Economic Area ("EEA"), United Kingdom ("UK") and Swiss data protection laws offer additional rights and protections for individuals located in these countries. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland: The controller of the website website_url_lnk is 
European Economic Area ("EEA"), United Kingdom ("UK") and Swiss data protection laws offer additional rights and protections for individuals located in these countries. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland: Advanced Micro Devices, 2485 Augustine Drive, Santa Clara, U. S. A. 
European Economic Area ("EEA"), United Kingdom ("UK") and Swiss data protection laws offer additional rights and protections for individuals located in these countries. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland: The controller of the website website_url_lnk is 
European Economic Area ("EEA"), United Kingdom ("UK") and Swiss data protection laws offer additional rights and protections for individuals located in these countries. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland: For individuals residing in the EEA, UK or Switzerland: Xilinx Ireland Unlimited Company, Logic Drive, Citywest Business Campus, Saggart Co, Dublin, Ireland 
European Economic Area ("EEA"), United Kingdom ("UK") and Swiss data protection laws offer additional rights and protections for individuals located in these countries. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland: For individuals residing outside the EEA, UK or Switzerland: Xilinx, Inc., 2100 Logic Drive, San Jose, CA 95124, U. S. A.
European Economic Area ("EEA"), United Kingdom ("UK") and Swiss data protection laws offer additional rights and protections for individuals located in these countries. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland: basis of processing: Where you give us your personal information to receive or use a product, service, or technology from us, we process your personal information on the basis that such processing is necessary to give effect to the contract between us. Where you give us your personal information for any other reason, we process your personal information for our legitimate business purposes to respond to your request (for example, providing you with access to our Sites or providing you with direct marketing that you have requested) or on the basis of your explicit consent.
European Economic Area ("EEA"), United Kingdom ("UK") and Swiss data protection laws offer additional rights and protections for individuals located in these countries. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland: personal information rights: In addition to your right to access personal information we hold about you (as set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice), you have the right to have your personal information rectified or erased, to object to its processing, or to restrict access to it. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority if you are unhappy with how we process your personal information. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to receive a copy of your personal information in a machine-readable format or to have your personal information sent to another company.
European Economic Area ("EEA"), United Kingdom ("UK") and Swiss data protection laws offer additional rights and protections for individuals located in these countries. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland: transfers: Your personal information may need to be transferred to countries outside of the EEA, UK, and Switzerland for the reasons set out in the 'Cross-Border Data Transfers' section of this Privacy Notice. Jurisdictions to which your personal information may be exported include the USA, Canada, India, and Hong Kong. Some countries do not offer the same level of protection for your personal information as exists within the EEA, UK, and Switzerland. We will only make such international transfers subject to legally required adequate safeguards being put in place to protect your personal information. If AMD or any of its affiliates previously transferred personal information pursuant to the EU-U. S. or Swiss-U. S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, such information is now protected either by the European Commission's Standard Contractual[ Clauses or by any valid data transfer mechanism such as the Data Privacy Framework. For further information on or to receive a copy of the adequate safeguards we have adopted, please contact the Communication Preference Centre.
European Economic Area ("EEA"), United Kingdom ("UK") and Swiss data protection laws offer additional rights and protections for individuals located in these countries. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland: data Protection Officer ("DPO"): We have appointed a DPO in Germany who may be contacted for information relating to that jurisdiction at privacy.germany@amd.com. If you have questions in relation to our processing of your personal information, please direct your request to: Privacy Request.
Information for Individuals Residing in the United States
If you are a resident of the United States, your state of residence may provide you additional rights in relation to the processing of your personal information. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information may apply to you. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the following terms shall have the following meanings: "Process" or "processing" means any operation or set of operations performed, whether by manual or automated means, on personal information or on sets of personal information, such as the collection, use, storage, disclosure, analysis, deletion or modification of personal information.
If you are a resident of the United States, your state of residence may provide you additional rights in relation to the processing of your personal information. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information may apply to you. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the following terms shall have the following meanings: "Targeted advertising" or "Cross-context behavioral advertising" means displaying advertisements to an individual where the advertisement is selected based on personal information obtained from that individual's activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications to predict such individual's preferences or interests.
If you are a resident of the United States, your state of residence may provide you additional rights in relation to the processing of your personal information. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information may apply to you. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the following terms shall have the following meanings: "Sale" or "sell" means renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, an individual's personal information by the business to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
If you are a resident of the United States, your state of residence may provide you additional rights in relation to the processing of your personal information. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information may apply to you. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the following terms shall have the following meanings: "Share," "shared," or "sharing" means sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising.
If you are a resident of the United States, your state of residence may provide you additional rights in relation to the processing of your personal information. Further to the information set out in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information may apply to you. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the following terms shall have the following meanings: "Profiling" means any form of automated processing of personal information to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person and in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements.
Persons with disabilities may request to obtain this notice in alternative format by contacting us at memberservices@amd-member.com. You may exercise the rights given to you by your state of residence by submitting a request as described in the 'How to Submit a Request ' section below.
Right to Know and to Access. Subject to certain exceptions, and legal obligations, you may have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information, such as the following: the categories of personal information we collected about you.
Right to Know and to Access. Subject to certain exceptions, and legal obligations, you may have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information, such as the following: the categories of sources of that information.
Right to Know and to Access. Subject to certain exceptions, and legal obligations, you may have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information, such as the following: the business or commercial purposes for which we collect, sell or share personal information about you.
Right to Know and to Access. Subject to certain exceptions, and legal obligations, you may have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information, such as the following: the categories of personal information about you that we have disclosed about you and the categories of persons or vendors to whom it was disclosed; and
Right to Know and to Access. Subject to certain exceptions, and legal obligations, you may have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information, such as the following: the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
This information is disclosed above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section. To protect your personal information, we may request additional information to verify your identify before we act on your request. To the extent legally required, we will provide the information you request, in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance. We may provide this information to you via email to the email address you have provided with your request.
Right to Correction. You may have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal information we maintain about you. In response to your request, we may request additional information showing that the information you want to correct is inaccurate.
Right to Deletion. You may have the right to request that we delete your personal information. This right is subject to certain exceptions, and legal obligations imposed by state or federal laws including, without limitation, privacy and employment laws. We will delete or deidentify personal information not subject to one of these exceptions from our records and, to the extent required, we will direct our service providers to take similar action.
Right to Opt-Out. Depending on where you reside, you may have the right to opt-out of the processing of your personal information for the purpose of the sale your personal information by AMD to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, targeted or behavioral advertising, or certain profiling activities.
Non-Discrimination or Retaliation. We will not discriminate or retaliate against you for exercising any of your data privacy rights.
Right to Appeal
If your state of residence provides you a right to appeal and you make a request to exercise any of the above data access rights, and we are unable to comply with your request or we otherwise deny your request, you may request to appeal our decision. To appeal any data privacy request decision, please contact us by emailing memberservices@amd-member.com with the subject line "Data Access Request Appeal." If after you complete the appeal process with us, you are still not satisfied with our response, your state of residence may also provide you the right to contact your Attorney General to file a complaint. Below is contact information for certain appropriate entities that may be applicable to you where you can inquire about filing an appeal virginia residents office of the Attorney General
Office of the Attorney General 
202 North 9th Street 
Richmond, Virginia 23219 
Phone: (804) 786-2071 
website_url_lnk 
Colorado residents.
Office of the Attorney General 
Colorado Department of Law 
Ralph L. Carr Judicial Building 
1300 Broadway, 10th Floor 
Denver, CO 80203 
(720) 508-6000 
website_url_lnk
Connecticut residents.
Office of the Attorney General 
165 Capitol Ave 
Hartford, CT 06106 
(860) 808-5318 
website_url_lnk
Montana residents.
Office of the Attorney General 
215 N Sanders St. 
Helena, MT 59601 
(406) 444-2026 
website_url_lnk
Texas residents.
Office of the Attorney General 
PO Box 12548 
Austin, TX 78711-2548 
512-463-2100 
website_url_lnk
Additional Notice for California Residents
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the "CCPA"), you have the right to direct us to limit our use of your sensitive personal information that we use to infer characteristics about you to that use which is necessary to fulfill the purposes reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests those goods or services. California law considers the following pieces of personal information to be "sensitive:" social security number, driver's license number or other government-issued identification number (e.g., passport numbers), financial account number, any health insurance or medical identification number, an account password, security questions and answers, or unique biometric data. We use sensitive personal information only as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, and we do not use it to infer characteristics about you.
California Shine the Light. Although AMD does not rent, sell, or share personal information (as defined by California Civil Code ยง1798.83) with other people or unaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, residents of California have the right to request information from us regarding other companies to whom we have disclosed certain categories of information during the preceding year for the other companies' direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please email memberservices@amd-member.com or write to us at aMD Digital Services Team
1 Commerce Valley Dr. East Markham 
ON L3T 7X6, Canada
Categories of Personal Information Sold or Shared to Third Parties
AMD does not knowingly sell or share personal information of US residents under 16 years of age. For more information about the collection and use of personal information by third parties who process information collected by cookies and similar technologies that we permit them to use on our Sites, please refer to the 'AMD's Cookies Policy' section above and AMD's Cookies Policy here. Our use of cookies and similar technologies may be considered a "sale" or "sharing" under certain states' privacy laws.
"Share" and "sharing" as used in this section, does not include transfers of personal information described in this Privacy Notice as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, or joint venture, or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Beyond the use of cookies and similar technologies described above, AMD does not "sell" or "share" personal information. 
Global Privacy Control Signals
We receive and process Global Privacy Control Signals ("GPC Signal") for individuals located in the US who request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of their personal information. We process the commonly used and industry standard GPC Signals but because this is new technology and new providers may offer solutions, we will do our best to recognize, process, and honor a GPC Signal that meets the legal standards and is widely adopted in the industry.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed to Service Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: data Analytics Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: operating Systems and Platforms Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: workforce Management and Human Resource Management Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: customer Support Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: internet Service Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: insurance Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: technology Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: ยทCybersecurity Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: government Entities
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: health & Safety Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: financial Services Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: non-profit Organizations
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: insurance Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: audit and Investigation Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: third Party Due Diligence Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: marketing Platform and Support Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: lead Generation Providers
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: social Networks
We disclose personal information to certain third parties to enable them to fulfill the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above. The personal information provided to our service providers is limited to that personal information which is necessary for them to fulfill these purposes. Our service providers have contractually agreed not to use your personal information other than as necessary to fulfill the applicable purposes and in accordance with applicable laws. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information described above in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section, with the following categories of service providers: supply Chain Management Providers
We disclose personal information to our service providers in accordance with the purposes described in the 'Personal Information: Collection, Use, and Sources' section of the Privacy Notice above.
Notice of Financial Incentive
We offer points and rewards to our customers who register to participate in our AMD Arena Program. When you participate in the AMD Arena Program, we collect personal information from you, such as identifiers (like your email address or phone number), commercial information (like your purchase preferences and interests or purchase history), professional or employment-related information, and other categories of personal information that relate to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. The value of your personal information is reasonably related to the value of the offer or reward presented to you. The value of AMD Arena Program points and rewards to members varies as individual members take advantage of AMD Arena Program points and rewards to varying degrees.
Participation in the AMD Arena Program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you have the right to withdraw at any time. You can opt-in to the AMD Arena Program by following the sign-up or participation instructions provided. If you wish to opt-out of our rewards program, please send an email with your name and customer information to memberservices@amd-member.com.
Additional Notice for Nevada Residents
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. You can exercise this right by contacting us at memberservices@amd-member.com with the subject line "Nevada Do Not Sell Request" and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal information as sales are defined in by Nevada law.
How to Submit a Request
When you make a request, we may require that you provide information and follow procedures so that we can verify the request and your jurisdiction before responding to you. For example, individuals may be required to submit their email address, and may also be asked to provide their name, location, and telephone number so that we can verify the request.
Certain states allow their residents to use an authorized agent to make privacy rights requests. We require an authorized agent to provide us with proof of the data subject's written permission (for example, a power of attorney) that shows the authorized agent has the authority to submit a request for the data subject.
The verification steps we take may differ depending on your jurisdiction and the request. If possible, we will match the information that you provide in your request to information we already have on file to verify your identity. If we are able to verify your request, we will process it in accordance with applicable law. If we cannot verify your request, we may ask you for additional information to help us verify your request.
We will respond to your request within the time period required by applicable law. When we are not able to fully address your request, we will notify you.
Please direct requests (with a return email address where possible) by webform: Privacy Request
Please direct requests (with a return email address where possible) by email: AMD Communication Preference Centre: memberservices@amd-member.com
Please direct requests (with a return email address where possible) by post: AMD Digital Services Team, 1 Commerce Valley Dr. East Markham, ON L3T 7X6, Canada
Please direct requests (with a return email address where possible) by calling us toll free at +1-866-331-5319 (for US and Canadian residents only)
Information for Individuals Located in Brazil
Brazilian data protection laws (e.g., Law No. 13,709/2018 (the Brazilian General Data Protection Law, the "LGPD")) offer additional rights and protections for individuals located there. In addition to the information stated in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in Brazil: personal information rights: You have the right to request confirmation of processing of your personal information, to request access, correction, portability, and deletion of your personal information, to request anonymization, blocking, or deletion of unnecessary or excessive personal information or processing in violation of the LGPD, to revoke consent to the processing of your personal information, to request more information about recipients of your personal information from us, and to request more information about when you may have choices about our processing of your personal information and the consequences of not providing consent.
Brazilian data protection laws (e.g., Law No. 13,709/2018 (the Brazilian General Data Protection Law, the "LGPD")) offer additional rights and protections for individuals located there. In addition to the information stated in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in Brazil: inquiries and DPO: We have appointed a DPO in Brazil who may be contacted for information relating to this Privacy Notice at privacy@amd.com. If you have questions in relation to our processing of your personal information, please direct your request to: Privacy Request.
Information for Individuals Located in Mainland China
Under the Personal Information Protection Law of China ("PIPL"), the "personal information" refers to all kinds of information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded by electronic or other means, excluding the information handled anonymously. The "sensitive personal information" refers to the personal information that is likely to result in damage to the personal dignity of any natural person or damage to his or her personal or property safety once disclosed or illegally used.
Where we process your personal information on the basis of your consent, we take all necessary care to ensure that any such processing activities satisfy the specific consent requirements stipulated by Chinese data protection laws. In case we handle your sensitive personal information, we will duly inform you and obtain your separate consent where required by Chinese data protection laws.
Your personal information may need to be transferred to countries outside of Mainland China for the reasons set out in the 'Cross-Border Data Transfers' section of this Privacy Notice. We only make such international transfers in accordance with the cross-border transfer conditions and procedure stipulated in Chinese data protection laws. We will inform you of the organizational or personal name and contact information of the overseas recipient, the purpose and method of the handling, and the type of personal information involved, as well as the way for you to exercise your rights against the overseas recipient, and obtain your separate consent. In addition, we will adopt necessary measures to ensure that the processing activities of overseas recipients reach the standard of personal information protection provided under Chinese data protection laws.
The PIPL offers additional rights for individuals located in Mainland China. In addition to the information stated in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in Mainland China: right to be informed and to decide on the handling of your personal information, as well as the right to restrict or deny other person from the handling of your personal information.
The PIPL offers additional rights for individuals located in Mainland China. In addition to the information stated in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in Mainland China: right to make copies of your personal information.
The PIPL offers additional rights for individuals located in Mainland China. In addition to the information stated in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in Mainland China: right to request us to explain our rules of handling of personal information.
The PIPL offers additional rights for individuals located in Mainland China. In addition to the information stated in the 'Your Privacy Rights' section of this Privacy Notice, the following additional information applies to you if you are located in Mainland China: right to withdraw your consent to the handling of your personal information carried out based on your consent. Notwithstanding, the withdrawal of consent by you shall not affect the validity of any activity of handling of your personal information already carried out before the withdrawal based on your consent.
If you have questions in relation to our handling of your personal information, please direct your request to: privacy@amd.com.
Cookie Settings to watch this video. Please refresh the page after enabling all cookies.">