U. S. Privacy Rights Request Form
If you are a resident of the state of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Utah, or Virginia in the United States, depending on your state of residence and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise certain rights regarding your personal data by completing the form below.
Instructions
Please complete this form to submit a request to exercise one or more of the rights identified below and further described in the Your Privacy Choices section of the U. S. Privacy Disclosures in our Privacy Notice. 
We use the data you submit to process your request, prevent fraud, and comply with legal obligations. We maintain a record of your request for no less than 24 months.
To request to opt-out of marketing communications, please click the "unsubscribe" link in the footer of the promotional email you have received. You do not need to submit this form.
Fields marked with an asterisk (*) must be completed in order to submit this form.
Data Subject's Information
State
[Drop down menu]NevadaCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutUtahVirginia
Country
Zip/Post Code
Email Address (if you have an account, this is the email address associated with your account)
Phone Number associated with your account (if any)
Comments on the Request.
Select the right you would like to exercise:
Right to Know.
Right to confirm whether we are processing personal information about you and, under California law only, to obtain certain personalized details about the personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Access / Portability.
Right to obtain access to the personal information we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format.
Right to Correction.
Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Right to Deletion.
Right to have us delete the personal information we maintain about you.
Right to Control Over Sensitive Personal Information
Right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive information.
Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising.
Right to direct us not to use or share personal data for certain targeted advertising purposes. Please see the note below for instructions relating to cookie-based opt-outs.
Right to Opt-Out of Sales.
Right to direct us not to sell your personal information to third parties. Please see the note below for instructions relating to cookie-based opt-outs.
Note for Cookie-Based Opt-Outs: In addition to submitting this form, please click Cookie Settings and adjust your preferences accordingly to exercise the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the use of personal information for targeted advertising purposes in relation to our cookie practices. Please note this opt-out tool is website, device and browser specific, so you will need to change your preferences on each device and browser you use to interact with the specific website you are visiting. You may also follow the other steps set forth in the Your Privacy Choices section of the U. S. Privacy Disclosures in our Privacy Notice to further exercise control over cookies and related technologies.
Please identify your relationship with Anker Brands
[Drop down menu]Website VisitorCustomer Without an AccountCustomer With an AccountAuthorized AgentOther (Please describe relationship in the additional comments box above)
To help us verify your request, please select the Anker Brand you have engaged with. Select all that apply
ANKER
soundcore
eufy
NEBULA
AnkerWork
AnkerMake
OTHER
Authorized Agents
If you're an Authorized Agent submitting a request on behalf of a data subject, you must attach below either a valid power of attorney or a signed letter containing your name and contact information, the name and contact information of the data subject, and a statement of authorization for the request.
Authorized Agent name
Authorized Agent email address
Attachments
You can upload 5 files in total. Each file cannot exceed 5MB. Supports.doc, docx, pdf, jpg, jpeg, png.
By submitting this request, I hereby certify under penalty of perjury that I am submitting this request on my own behalf or on behalf of a data subject for whom I am authorized to act and the information I have provided is true and accurate. 
Submit
2024Anker Innovations Limited