The Ultimate Black Friday Sale. Free Gift on Orders Over $99, Plus Mystery Boxes. Shop Now >>
ProductsShop byNew ReleasesDealsAnker PrimeBlack Friday Sale
ExploreSupport
Cookie Notice
We wants to ensure that your visit to our website is smooth, reliable and as useful to you as possible. To help us do this, we use cookies to make our website relevant to your interests and needs.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are automatically placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone or other device ("device") when you visit our website. These could be traditional HTML-cookies, pixel tags, beacons or scripts and are stored by your internet browser. These cookies may contain basic information about your device or internet use. Your browser sends these cookies back to our website every time you revisit it, so we can recognize your computer or mobile device and personalize and improve your browsing experience.
What type of cookies do we use?
The cookies we use fall into four categories. These categories are described below
Strictly Necessary Cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies are necessary for the proper functioning of our website and to help you access and move around our site and use all its features. We also use functional cookies, for example to remember your language preferences to save you the trouble of having to change these every time you enter our website. Without these cookies, our website would not work properly and you would not be able to use certain important features.
Performance Cookies:
We use cookies to collect information about the way our website is used, such as the Internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the website from which you accessed our site, number of visits, average time spent on the site and pages viewed.
Analytics Cookies:
We use Google Analytics, Shopify Analysis, Clarity, Hotjar, etc. to place and read cookies for the abovementioned use. 
Advertising Cookies:
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make our content and advertising as relevant to you and your interests as possible. These cookies are also used to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns by tracking the number of clicks. The cookies are usually placed by third party advertising networks. They remember the websites you visit and use this information to give you access to interesting and exciting content on our website and to show you more personalized adverts when you visit other websites. These cookies also help improve your browsing experience, for example by helping to prevent the same advertisement from reappearing to you. 
Managing your cookie settings and deleting cookies
You can change your cookie settings for this website by clicking the "Cookie Settings" link in the website footer and adjusting your preferences..
There is also a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies or gives you the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookies. 
Google Chrome: website_url_lnk
Firefox: website_url_lnk
Microsoft Edge: website_url_lnk
Safari: website_url_lnk
Most advertising networks also offer you a way to opt out of advertising cookies. See the Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice and Your Online Choices pages for useful information on how to do this.
Please note that, if you choose to block or delete Anker cookies, your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be degraded or restricted. 
Further information about our use of data
You can find more information about the way we handle personal data in our Privacy Notice.
Questions, comments or in need of help?
If you have any questions or if we can help you with something, we would be happy to assist if you contact support@anker.com. 
Subscribe now to get a gift with your first order!
Get an Exclusive 12% Off Your First Purchase
Subscribe Now
I agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
USA.
For Anker Charging: 1-800-988-7973 
Mon, Fri: 6AM, 5PM 
For Anker SOLIX: 1-800-988-5541 
Mon, Fri: 7AM, 5PM 
support@anker.com
Website Live Chat
Mon, Fri: 10AM, 4PM (PT)
Buy on the Anker Store
Hassle-Free Warranty
30-Day Money-Back Guarantee
Fast, Free Shipping
Lifetime Customer Support
Amazon American Express Apple Pay Diners Club Discover Google Pay Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Venmo Visa
Select Your Country/Region
North America
United States
English
Canada
English
Europe
United Kingdom
English
Deutschland
Deutsch
Europe
English
France
Français
Italy
Italian
Asia-Pacific
Australia
English
India
English
Shop
Chargers
Power Banks
Wireless
Cables
AC Power
Hubs and Docks
Certified Refurbished
Brand
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Where to Buy
Community
Sustainability
MSA Statement
Explore
Blog
Corporate Purchase
AnkerCredits Rewards Program
Content Creators Program
Earn 10% Referral Cash
Education Discount
Military and First Responders Discount
Become An Affiliate
Support
Smart Help Center
Customer Reviews
Verify
Order Tracker
Warranty Information
Process a Warranty
Download e-Manual
Accessibility
Connected Equipment Warranty
Product Recalls
United States / English
United States / English
Fantasia Trading LLC 2022 200923810277 
Shipping policyRefund policyPrivacy NoticeYour Privacy Choices Terms of serviceCookie NoticeCookies Settings
My Cart (0)
Save to Email
Your Cart is Ready!
Shop Now
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website and to assist with our marketing efforts. By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies and our sharing of information about your interactions on our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners.
OK, got it!