ASUSTeK COMPUTER INC. and its affiliated entities companies use cookies and similar technologies to perform essential online functions, such as authentication and security. You may disable these by changing your cookies setting through browser, but this may affect how this website functions. 
Also, ASUS uses some analytics, targeting, adverting and video-embedded cookies provided by ASUS or third parties. Please click a button here to choose your preference for these types of cookies. Please note that you can configure cookies settings by accessing the browser you install at any time. For detailed information, please visit ASUS Privacy Policy- "Cookies and similar technologies".
Reject
Accept
Skip to content 
Accessibility help 
Gaming 
Business 
Environment 
Skip to content Accessibility help 
Support 
Terms of Use Notice / Privacy Policy
Export Control and Sanctions Compliance
Terms of Use Notice
Privacy Policy
Export Control and Sanctions Compliance
Export Control and Sanctions Compliance
This Export Control and Sanctions Compliance apply to all ASUS partners, including but not limited to distributors and service partners. 
ASUSTek Computer Inc. and its affiliates ("ASUS") is committed to complying with the applicable export controls and sanctions laws and regulations including those related to the European Union, the United Kingdom, the United States, Switzerland, and other applicable jurisdictions. ASUS partner is responsible for and shall at all time make herself be aware of and comply with the above mentioned regulations, in addition to the requirements set forth in the agreement with ASUS and this page subject to periodic updates based on the amendments of the applicable laws.
ASUS take the export control and sanctions regulations very seriously and are fully cooperating with the actions to ensure compliance. As our valued partner, we trust that you will understand the gravity of compliance and act promptly to halt any potential risk behavior to comply with the applicable laws and regulations.
Part I
ASUS partner shall not sell, export or re-export, in-country transfer, directly or indirectly, any goods supplied under or in connection with ASUS, to the sanctions individuals and entities that fall under the scope of Council Regulation No 269/2014, Council Regulation No 833/2014, Council Regulation No 765/2006, U. S. Export Administration Regulations ("EAR," 15 C. F. R. Part 730, et. seq.), the sanctions and embargo laws and regulations promulgated and enforced by the U. S. Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Asset Controls ("OFAC" regulations found at Chapter V to 31 C. F. R., et. seq.), and any other applicable laws and regulations.
ASUS partner specifically shall not sell, export or re-export, in-country transfer, directly or indirectly, to the Russian Federation or for use in the Russian Federation any goods supplied under or in connection with ASUS that fall under the scope of Article 12g of Council Regulation No 833/2014, EAR and OFAC regulations.
ASUS partner specifically shall not sell, supply, export or re-export, transfer, directly or indirectly, to the Republic of Belarus or for use in the Republic of Belarus any goods supplied under or in connection with ASUS that fall under the scope of Article 8g of Council Regulation No 765/2006.
ASUS partner shall undertake its best efforts to ensure that the purpose above is not frustrated by any third parties further down the commercial chain, including by possible resellers. ASUS partner shall set up and maintain an adequate monitoring mechanism to detect conduct by any third parties further down the commercial chain, including by possible resellers and service partners, that would frustrate the purpose of above. Any violation of such shall constitute a material breach of an essential element of the cooperation with ASUS, and ASUS shall be entitled to seek appropriate remedies, including but not limited to termination of the agreement and cooperation.
We hereby request that ASUS partner shall immediately cease all contracts as well as stop execution of sales and supply, in any form, of ASUS products to the individual/entities listed in Exhibit 1 attached to this page, and to those listed in Annex I to Council Regulation No 269/2014 and Annex I of Council Regulation No 765/2006.
Part II
In addition to the above, we are introducing and request you to comply with ASUS export control and sanctions compliance policy ("Appendix"). This Appendix re-emphasizes the critical importance of compliance with EU and the US export control and sanctions laws regulations. The inclusion of Appendix underscores our unwavering commitment to adhere to these regulations and the collective effort required to ensure that our business practices align with the legal and ethical standards set forth by the applicable laws and regulations.
Your cooperation in this matter is not only crucial for our compliance efforts but also for maintaining the integrity of our business operations. We appreciate your immediate attention to this critical issue. Should you have any questions or require further clarification, do not hesitate to contact your ASUS contact or below contact directly.
ASUSTeK COMPUTER INC.
Address: 15, Li-Te Rd., Taipei 112, Taiwan 
Email: LegalCompliance@asus.com 
Updated November 7, 2024
Shop and Learn 
Mobile / Handhelds 
Phones 
Wearable & Healthcare
Gaming Handhelds
Accessories 
Laptops 
For Home 
For Work 
For Creators 
For Students 
For Gaming 
Accessories 
Software
Technology / Innovations
Copilot+ PC
Displays / Desktops 
Monitors 
Projectors 
All-in-One PCs 
Tower PCs 
Gaming Tower PCs 
NUCs 
Mini PCs 
Workstations 
Accessories 
Software
Warranty
Glasses
Motherboards / Components 
Motherboards 
Graphics Cards 
Cases 
Cooling 
Power Supply Units 
Sound Cards 
Optical Drives 
Data Storage 
External Graphics Docks 
Single Board Computers
Software
Networking / IoT / Servers 
WiFi 7 
WiFi 6 
WiFi Routers 
Whole Home Mesh WiFi System 
Business Network Solutions 
Range Extenders
Modem Routers
Adapters
Wired Networking 
Intelligent Robots 
AIoT & Industrial Solutions 
Servers 
Smart Home 
Accessories 
Keyboards 
Mice and Mouse Pads 
Headsets and Audio 
Streaming Kits 
Apparel Bags and Gear 
Cases and Protection 
Adapters and Chargers 
Wireless Charger
Docks Dongles and Cable 
Power Banks 
Stylus
Controller 
Gimbal 
Get the latest deals and more 
Sign up 
2. 4. 6. 8. 
Global / English
ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy Export Control and Sanctions Compliance 
ASUS Cookies Notice
Essential Cookies
Analytics and Other Cookies
ASUS Cookies Notice
ASUS and our third party partners use cookies (cookies are small text files placed on your products to personalize your user experience on ASUS products and services) and similar technologies such as web beacons to provide our products and services to you. 
Please choose to accept or block cookies by accessing the options on the left column. However, please be noted that you may not be able to enjoy all of the features of ASUS products and services if a certain type of cookies is blocked.
Always Active
Essential Cookies
In order to enrich and perfect your online experiences, ASUS uses essential cookies to provide you with basic functions of ASUS products and services. Such essential cookies will help you store your unique sign-up ID number, authentication data, the data you inserted, as well as settings and preferences (such as your preferred language) while using ASUS products and services. Also, essential cookies are adopted in order to protect the security of your online purchase activities, and provide you with the stable browsing experiences on our websites. 
For more information on essential cookies adopted by ASUS, please visit ASUS Privacy Policy- Chapter in "Cookies and similar technologies".
Inactive
Analytics and Other Cookies
Analytics, targeting, advertising and video embedded cookies
For analytics purpose, and to provide you with personalized advertising services, ASUS uses analytics, targeting and advertising cookies to optimize your experiences in using ASUS products and services. Such type of cookies will help ASUS improve performance and develop new features, functions and services by analyzing online activities and measuring effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. Also, ASUS uses video embedded cookies such as Youtube cookies to provide you with video services on our websites.
For more information on the above types of cookies adopted by ASUS, please visit ASUS Privacy Policy- Chapter in"Cookies and similar technologies"
Allow All
Save Settings