Home
Menu
Audi Privacy Statement. Audi USA
Audi privacy statement
Model Year 2019 Privacy Statement
The Model Year 2019 Privacy Statement applies to information we obtain from and about individuals interacting with Audi of America, Inc., and its websites, mobile applications, products, and services and to all Model Year 2019 vehicles and newer, as well as to any older vehicles if an owner or registered user agrees to the Model Year 2019 Privacy Statement (including all vehicles where an owner or registered user sign up to be a Key User or for Connect PRIME services on or after January 1, 2019).
Click here to view the privacy statement applicable to Model Years 2019 and newer
Model Year 2018 Privacy Statement
The Model Year 2018 Privacy Statement applies to Model Year 2018 vehicles and older, unless a more specific privacy statement applies to an individual model or if an owner or registered user agrees to the Model Year 2019 Privacy Statement. The Model Year 2019 Privacy Statement will apply to all Model Year 2018 or older vehicles where an owner or registered user signed up to be a Key User or for Connect PRIME services on or after January 1, 2019.
Click here to view the privacy statement applicable to Model Years 2018 and older
We're here to assist you.
If you own a used vehicle and are unsure which privacy statement applies to you, you may contact us at privacy@audi.com or by phone, 24 hours a day, at 1-800-822-AUDI, for more information.
Click here to view the audiusa.com Terms of Use. 
For complete Audi connect Terms of Service please click here.
Back to top
Explore
Models
Audi Sport
What is e-tron
SUV Models
Audi Experience
Inclusion & Diversity
Electric Models
Inside Audi
Subscribe to model updates
Shop
Offers
Find a dealer
New inventory
Pre-owned inventory
Certified pre-owned
Compare Vehicles
Buy
Contact dealer
Trade-in value
Leasing
Financing
Apply for financing
Own
myAudi
About myAudi
Audi Financial Services
Audi collection store
Accessories
Audi connect
Service and Parts
Roadside Assistance
In-Use Verification Program
Support
Contact Us
Help
About Audi
Careers
Newsroom
Emissions Modification Lookup
Accessibility
Recalls
INDUSTRY GUIDANCE FOR EMERGENCY RESPONDERS
2024 Audi of America. All rights reserved.
Terms of service
Privacy statement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising
Cookie settings
Interest based ads
Takata Airbag Recall
TDI Settlement
Whistleblower system
Code of Conduct
Audi of America takes efforts to ensure the accuracy of information on the general vehicle information pages. Models are shown for illustration purposes only and may include features that are not available on the US model. As errors may occur or availability may change, please see dealer for complete details and current model specifications.
VHost
website_url_lnk
Version
0
Build
20241112060845
Frontend
0
Rendertime
20241123153140
StaticVersion
20410
Activated Scopes
Context Scopes
As described in our Privacy Statement., we use cookies and other tracking technologies to gather information about you, your device, and how you interact with our website. We use and make such information available to third parties for purposes such as analytics, security, and advertising. In certain cases, you can modify how these technologies are used in our Preference Center by clicking the button below. 
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
We use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, and tags, to gather information about you, your device, and how you interact with our website. Although we do not "sell" this information for money, we engage in routine online activities with third parties in ways that could be considered a "sale," "sharing," or "targeted advertising" as defined under applicable law. You can opt-out of such disclosures by both: submitting an Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising request through our Privacy Portal.. and disabling the "Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising" toggle below.
Disabling the "Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising" toggle below will place a cookie on your browser signaling that you have opted out of such online activities. Please note the opt-out cookie only applies to this website and only to the browser and device you are using at the time you make the selection. You will also need to disable the "Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising" toggle on each browser on each device you use, and on each Volkswagen Group website you access.
Disabling the "Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising" toggle below will place a cookie on your browser signaling that you have opted out of such online activities. Please note if you clear cookies on your browser, you will need to disable the "Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising" toggle in the Preference Center from that browser again. 
Disabling the "Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising" toggle below will place a cookie on your browser signaling that you have opted out of such online activities. Please note if you have blocked cookies through your browser settings, we will be unable to comply with your Preference Center opt out request.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising
Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
Confirm My Choices