None
Your home for all the dealsShop new deals every day. Limited quantities. No rainchecks. Shop now
Skip to content
Accessibility Survey
YardbirdBest Buy OutletBest Buy BusinessShop with an Expert
Menu
Store Locator
Cart
Holiday Deals
Gift Cards
Gift Ideas
Top Deals
Deal of the Day
Yes, Best Buy Sells That
My Best Buy Memberships
Credit Cards
More
Account
Recently Viewed
Order Status
Saved Items
Main Content
Best Buy
Best Buy Support
Privacy Policy
Health Data Privacy Information
Health Data Privacy
Submit an access request.
Submit a deletion request.
Health Data Privacy Information
This Statement is designed to supplement the Best Buy Privacy Policy and explains the additional rights, related to Consumer Health Data, that you may have under the Washington My Health My Data Act of 2023 ("Act"). We use certain terms that are defined by Washington law unless otherwise specified. 
Collection and use.
Collection. 
"Consumer health data" means personal information that is linked or reasonably linkable to a consumer and that identifies the consumer's past, present, or future physical or mental health status. 
In order to provide and improve our services to you, Best Buy may collect certain consumer health data about you, including individual health conditions, treatment, diseases, or diagnosis.
In order to provide and improve our services to you, Best Buy may collect certain consumer health data about you, including health-related surgeries or procedures.
In order to provide and improve our services to you, Best Buy may collect certain consumer health data about you, including diagnoses or diagnostic testing, treatment, or medication.
In order to provide and improve our services to you, Best Buy may collect certain consumer health data about you, including reproductive or sexual health information.
In order to provide and improve our services to you, Best Buy may collect certain consumer health data about you, including biometric data.
In order to provide and improve our services to you, Best Buy may collect certain consumer health data about you, including data that identifies you seeking health care services; or
In order to provide and improve our services to you, Best Buy may collect certain consumer health data about you, including information that we derive or extrapolate from non-health information that we process and associate or identify with you (such as proxy, derivative, inferred, or emergent data processed by any means, including algorithms or machine learning)
Sources of collection. 
We collect consumer health data about you from the following sources: from you, someone on your behalf, your device, or your use of our services.
We collect consumer health data about you from the following sources: our affiliates.
We collect consumer health data about you from the following sources: third parties; and
We collect consumer health data about you from the following sources: service Providers
Purpose for collections/use. 
We collect and use consumer health data about you for the following purposes: performing services you have purchased from or contracted for with us, including maintaining or servicing accounts (e.g., your My Best Buy account), as well as providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing analytics services, or providing similar services.
We collect and use consumer health data about you for the following purposes: maintaining and fulfilling warranties and extended service plans.
We collect and use consumer health data about you for the following purposes: detecting and responding to security incidents, protecting against and responding to malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
We collect and use consumer health data about you for the following purposes: debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
We collect and use consumer health data about you for the following purposes: undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
We collect and use consumer health data about you for the following purposes: processing liability claims; or
We collect and use consumer health data about you for the following purposes: complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies
Disclosures.
We may have to disclose the following categories of consumer health data for a business purpose, which can include providing a product or service you have requested or to fulfill another request you have made: individual health conditions, treatment, diseases, or diagnosis.
We may have to disclose the following categories of consumer health data for a business purpose, which can include providing a product or service you have requested or to fulfill another request you have made: health-related surgeries or procedures.
We may have to disclose the following categories of consumer health data for a business purpose, which can include providing a product or service you have requested or to fulfill another request you have made: diagnoses or diagnostic testing, treatment, or medication.
We may have to disclose the following categories of consumer health data for a business purpose, which can include providing a product or service you have requested or to fulfill another request you have made: reproductive or sexual health information.
We may have to disclose the following categories of consumer health data for a business purpose, which can include providing a product or service you have requested or to fulfill another request you have made: biometric data.
We may have to disclose the following categories of consumer health data for a business purpose, which can include providing a product or service you have requested or to fulfill another request you have made: data that identifies you seeking health care services; or
We may have to disclose the following categories of consumer health data for a business purpose, which can include providing a product or service you have requested or to fulfill another request you have made: information that we derive or extrapolate from non-health information that we process and associate or identify with you (such as proxy, derivative, inferred, or emergent data processed by any means, including algorithms or machine learning).
We may have shared your consumer health data with the following affiliates and categories of third parties: affiliates.
We may have shared your consumer health data with the following affiliates and categories of third parties: best Buy Product Protection, Inc.
We may have shared your consumer health data with the following affiliates and categories of third parties: best Buy Purchasing, LLC
We may have shared your consumer health data with the following affiliates and categories of third parties: best Buy Co., Inc.
We may have shared your consumer health data with the following affiliates and categories of third parties: bestBuy.com, LLC
We may have shared your consumer health data with the following affiliates and categories of third parties: best Buy Stores, L. P.
We may have shared your consumer health data with the following affiliates and categories of third parties: best Buy Technology Services, Inc.
We may have shared your consumer health data with the following affiliates and categories of third parties: best Buy Health, Inc.
We may have shared your consumer health data with the following affiliates and categories of third parties: best Buy Health Holdings, LLC
We may have shared your consumer health data with the following affiliates and categories of third parties: best Buy Enterprise Services, Inc.
We may have shared your consumer health data with the following affiliates and categories of third parties: bBY Solutions, Inc.
Third parties.
Our business partners, including commercial partners
Individuals or entities authorized by you
Government entities, including law enforcement
Consumer rights.
You have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of personal information about you, as described below.
Access. 
You have the right to request that we disclose to you information about health data related to you that we collect, share, or sell. Submit an access request. The report you receive containing personal information we have on file will provide instructions on how to pursue correction of applicable information. Please note that the report may include personal information which is not health information.
Deletion. 
You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you. Exceptions apply. Submit a deletion request.
Withdraw consent. 
We do not typically collect and share Consumer Health Data for purposes that require your express consent. If you have provided Best Buy consent to collect or share consumer health data related to you, have the right to withdraw consent. 
Appeal a refusal to take action. 
Washington law requires that we establish a process for a consumer to appeal our refusal to take action on certain requests. You may access that process on our Appeals information page. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of that process, you may contact the Washington Attorney General to submit a complaint.
Effective Date: March 31, 2024
Help Center
Find answers to commonly asked questions about orders, product information, returns and more.
Go to the Help Center
Sponsored
Visit our Support Center
Check your Order Status
Shipping, Delivery & Store Pickup
Returns & Exchanges
Price Match Guarantee
Order & Purchases
Check Order Status
Shipping, Delivery & Pickup
Returns & Exchanges
Price Match Guarantee
Product Recalls
Trade-In Program
Gift Cards
Payment Options
My Best Buy Credit Card
Pay Your Bill at Citibank
Lease to Own
Support & Services
Visit our Support Center
Connect with an Expert
Schedule a Service
Manage an Appointment
Protection & Support Plans
Haul Away & Recycling
Contact Us
Rewards & Membership
My Best Buy Memberships
View Points & Certificates
Member Offers
Partnerships
Affiliate Program
Advertise with Us
Developers
Best Buy Health
Best Buy Education
Best Buy Business
Partner+
About Best Buy
Corporate Information
Careers
Corporate Responsibility
Sustainability
Sign in or Create Account
Get the latest deals and more.
Email Address
Sign Up
Best Buy appLearn more >
Mobile SiteBest Buy Canada
AccessibilityTerms & ConditionsPrivacyInterest-Based AdsState Privacy RightsHealth Data PrivacyDo Not Sell/Share My Personal InformationLimit Use of My Sensitive Personal InformationTargeted Advertising Opt OutCA Supply Chain Transparency Act
In-store pricing may vary. Prices and offers are subject to change. 2024 Best Buy. All rights reserved. BEST BUY, the BEST BUY logo, the tag design, and MY BEST BUY are trademarks of Best Buy and its affiliated companies.