None
Your home for all the dealsShop new deals every day. Limited quantities. No rainchecks. Shop now
Skip to content
YardbirdBest Buy OutletBest Buy BusinessShop with an Expert
Menu
Store Locator
Cart
Holiday Deals
Gift Cards
Gift Ideas
Top Deals
Deal of the Day
Yes, Best Buy Sells That
My Best Buy Memberships
Credit Cards
Recently Viewed
Order Status
Saved Items
Main Content
Best Buy
Best Buy Support
Privacy Policy
State Privacy Rights
View page as printable PDF
State Privacy Rights
Skip to: collection and Use
Skip to: disclosures
Skip to: retention, California Residents
Skip to: consumer Privacy Rights
Skip to: how to Submit a Request
Skip to: notice About the My Best Buy Program
Skip to: additional Information
Submit an access request.
Submit a deletion request.
CCPA 2023 Metrics*See Disclaimer (as of 12/31/2023)
Access Requests ("requests to know")
Received
624
Denied, no match
136
Denied, not verified
234
Fulfillment in progress
58
Fulfilled
237
Fulfilled requests, report available median
42 days
Deletion Requests
Received
37597
Denied, no match
3338
Denied, not verified
16340
Fulfillment in progress
1234
Fulfilled
16096
Fulfilled requests, deletion completed median
20 days
Data Correction
Received
18
Response time
Nearly instantaneous
Request to Limit Sensitive Personal Information
Received
3393
Response time
Nearly instantaneous
Do Not Sell or Share
Received
6612
Response time
Up to 14 days
Do Not Sell Requests
Received
141237
Fulfilled
141237
Response time
Nearly instantaneous
Do Not Sell, Global Privacy Control (GPC)
Received
1088769
Fulfilled
1088769
Response time
Nearly instantaneous
Metrics reflect requests from all individuals, not just Californians. Metrics can include requests in progress as of December 31, 2023.
State-Specific Privacy Information
This Statement is designed to be consistent with California, Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia privacy laws. This Statement uses certain terms that have the meanings given to them by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as amended, unless otherwise specified.
Collection and Use
Collection 
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: identifiers: identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias), email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, and other similar identifiers, physical characteristics or description, state identification card number, and signature
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: identifiers (Online): a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers, and Internet Protocol address
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: other Financial, Medical, and Health Information: bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, insurance policy number, and other financial information, medical information, and health insurance information
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: information Related to Characteristics Protected Under California or Federal Law: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, ancestry, genetic information, disability, citizenship status, and military and veteran status
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: commercial Information: including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: biometrics: biometric information such as a fingerprint provided along with a product return if required by local law
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: internet and Other Electronic Network Activity Information: including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: geolocation Data
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: sensory Information: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, and similar information
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: professional or Employment-Related Information
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: education Information
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: profile Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitude
Sources of collection 
We collected personal information about you from the following sources: you
We collected personal information about you from the following sources: best Buy
We collected personal information about you from the following sources: devices You Used
We collected personal information about you from the following sources: service Providers
Purposes for collection/use 
We collected and used personal information about you for the following purposes: performing services you have purchased from or contracted for with us, including maintaining or servicing accounts (e.g., your My Best Buy account), as well as providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services
We collected and used personal information about you for the following purposes: auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance
We collected and used personal information about you for the following purposes: detecting and responding to security incidents, protecting against and responding to malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity
We collected and used personal information about you for the following purposes: short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, nonpersonalized advertising shown as part of your interactions with our digital properties
We collected and used personal information about you for the following purposes: debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
We collected and used personal information about you for the following purposes: undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
We collected and used personal information about you for the following purposes: undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us
We collected and used personal information about you for the following purposes: displaying advertisements intended for you based on personal information, related to your activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications, used to predict your preferences or interests (targeted advertising)
We collected and used personal information about you for the following purposes: customizing your experience on our digital properties
We collected and used personal information about you for the following purposes: processing liability claims
We collected and used personal information about you for the following purposes: complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies
Disclosures
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: identifiers
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: identifiers (Online)
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: other Financial, Medical and Health Information
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: information Related to Characteristics Protected Under California or Federal Law
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: commercial Information
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: biometrics
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: internet and Other Electronic Network Activity Information
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: geolocation Data
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: sensory Information
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: professional or Employment-Related Information
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: education Information
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: profile Inferences
We may share personal information about you for cross-context behavioral advertising, seeking to place ads to you on others' digital properties based, at least in part, on personal information obtained from your activity on others' digital properties. 
We may have sold (as defined under California, Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, and Texas law) the following categories of personal information: commercial Information
We may have sold (as defined under California, Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, and Texas law) the following categories of personal information: identifiers associated with a device used to interact with our digital properties or advertisements (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology)
We may have sold (as defined under California, Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, and Texas law) the following categories of personal information: internet and other electronic network activity information associated with a device used to interact with Digital Properties or advertisements
We may have sold (as defined under California, Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, and Texas law) the following categories of personal information: profile Inferences 
We do not sell the personal information of consumers under the age of 16 if we have actual knowledge of the individual's age.
We do not sell personal information as defined under Virginia and Utah law. 
Sensitive Personal Information: We do not share sensitive personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. We do not sell sensitive personal information. 
We may have disclosed personal information about you with the following categories of third parties: our affiliates
We may have disclosed personal information about you with the following categories of third parties: our joint marketing partners
We may have disclosed personal information about you with the following categories of third parties: our business partners
We may have disclosed personal information about you with the following categories of third parties: social media networks
We may have disclosed personal information about you with the following categories of third parties: third-party marketing partners
We may have disclosed personal information about you with the following categories of third parties: government entities, including law enforcement
Information we disclose to third parties. 3rd Party Categories
Personal Information Categories. Our Affiliates. Our Joint Marketing Partners. Our Business Partners. Social Media Networks. Third-party Marketing Partners. Government Entities, Including Law Enforcement*See Disclosure 
Identifiers. Yes; processed for business operations. Yes; processed for advertising purposes. Yes; processed for advertising purposes and business operations. Yes; processed for advertising purposes. Yes; processed for advertising purposes. Yes; see disclosure below 
Identifiers (Online). Yes; processed for business operations. No. No. Yes; processed for advertising purposes. Yes; processed for advertising purposes. Yes; see disclosure below 
Other Financial, Medical and Health Information. No. No. No. No. No. Yes; see disclosure below 
Information Related to Characteristics Protected Under California or Federal Law. No. No. No. No. No. Yes; see disclosure below 
Commercial Information. Yes; processed for business operations. Yes; processed for advertising purposes. Yes; processed for advertising purposes and business operations. Yes; processed for advertising purposes. Yes; processed for advertising purposes. Yes; see disclosure below 
Biometrics. No. No. No. No. No. Yes; see disclosure below 
Internet and Other Electronic Network Activity Information. Yes; processed for business operations. No. No. Yes; processed for advertising purposes. Yes; processed for advertising purposes. Yes; see disclosure below 
Geolocation Data. No. No. No. No. No. Yes; see disclosure below 
Sensory Information. No. No. No. No. No. Yes; see disclosure below 
Professional or Employment Related Information. No. No. No. No. No. Yes; see disclosure below 
Education Information. No. No. No. No. No. Yes; see disclosure below 
Profile Inferences. Yes; processed for business operations. No. No. Yes; processed for advertising purposes. Yes; processed for advertising purposes. Yes; see disclosure below 
Please note: Best Buy shares Personal Information with government entities, including law enforcement, only in the following circumstances: when required to do so as a matter of law; to assist in the investigation of a potential crime impacting Best Buy, its employees, its customers, or the communities we serve; or when required in response to legal process (e.g., subpoena, search warrant).
Retention, California Residents
Best Buy has in place a records-retention schedule reflecting our intended retention periods for certain types of information. The following reflects the longest applicable intended retention period by personal-information category for information related to California consumers acquired on or after January 1, 2023. Once the intended retention period has passed, subject information is to be deleted or modified such that it is no longer personal information.
Personal Information Categories. Intended Retention Period 
Biometrics. Up to 10 years after last activity, subject to contractual obligations 
Commercial Information. 10 years after expiration of contractual obligations 
Education Information. 10 Years after termination of employment 
Geolocation Data. Up to 3 Years 
Identifiers. Up to 10 years after last activity, subject to contractual obligations 
Identifiers (Online). Up to 3 years 
Information Related to Characteristics Protected Under California or Federal Law. Up to 3 years 
Internet and Other Electronic Network Activity Information. Up to 3 years 
Other Financial, Medical and Health Information. Up to 10 years after last activity, subject to contractual obligations 
Professional or Employment Related Information. 10 Years after termination of employment 
Profile Inferences. Up to 3 years 
Sensory Information. Up to 40 days 
There are a number of reasons personal information may be retained longer than the intended retention period. For example, deletion or modification does not happen immediately after a retention period has passed and instead executes periodically, no less frequently than annually. Additionally, some information systems or information may be placed on legal holds due to potential litigation or regulatory review and information, therefore, is not deleted or modified.
Consumer Privacy Rights
You have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of personal information about you, as described below.
Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information related to you we have collected during the past 12 months. This may include:
o The categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you
o The categories of sources from which we collected the personal information
o The business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information
o The categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information
o The categories of personal information about you that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose
Correction: You have the right to request that we correct certain personal information we have collected, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information. If you make a correction request, we may correct or instead delete information as allowed by law. Exceptions apply.
Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you. Exceptions apply.
Opt-Out of Sale: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of personal information about you.
How to Submit a Request
Submit an access request, or call us at 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289).
The report you receive containing personal information we have on file will provide instructions on how to pursue correction of applicable information.
Submit a deletion request, or call us at 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289).
More information on opting out of the sale of personal information about you, including through enabling Global Privacy Controls, is available on our Do Not Sell/Share page.
California Residents
Limit the Use or Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. You have the right to request that we limit our use or disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information (as defined by California law) about you to certain uses authorized by the CCPA. We do not disclose Sensitive Personal Information beyond such authorizations. See our Limit the use of My Sensitive Personal Information page for more information.
Do Not Share My Personal Information. You have the right to opt out of our sharing of personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. See our Do Not Sell/Share page for more information on how to exercise this right.
Shine the Light Request: You also may have the right to request that we provide you with a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and the identity of those third parties. To submit a Shine the Light Request, email us at CaliforniaPrivacyRights@bestbuy.com.
Colorado Residents
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising: You have the right to opt out of "Targeted Advertising." See our Targeted Advertising Opt Out page for more information on how to exercise this right. 
Appeal a Refusal to Take Action: Colorado law requires that we establish a process for a consumer to appeal our refusal to take action on certain requests. You may access that process on our Appeals information page. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of that process, you may contact the Colorado Attorney General to submit a complaint.
Other Options not Relevant: We do not use data about you for the purpose of profiling to make decisions that would have legal or similarly significant effects on you. We do not knowingly process "sensitive data" concerning Colorado residents, as defined under Colorado law, unless required as a matter of law.
Connecticut Residents
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising: You have the right to opt out of "Targeted Advertising." See our Targeted Advertising Opt Out page for more information on how to exercise this right. 
Appeal a Refusal to Take Action: Connecticut law requires that we establish a process for a consumer to appeal our refusal to take action on certain requests. You may access that process on our Appeals information page. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of that process, you may contact the Connecticut Attorney General to submit a complaint.
Other Options not Relevant: We do not knowingly process "sensitive data" concerning Connecticut residents, as defined under Connecticut law, unless required as a matter of law.
Montana Residents 
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising: You have the right to opt out of "Targeted Advertising." See our Targeted Advertising Opt Out page for more information on how to exercise this right.
Appeal a Refusal to Take Action: Montana law requires that we establish a process for a consumer to appeal our refusal to take action on certain requests. You may access that process on our Appeals information page. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of that process, you may contact the Montana Attorney General to submit a complaint.
Other Options Not Relevant: We do not knowingly process "sensitive data" concerning Montana residents, as defined under Montana law, unless required as a matter of law.
Oregon Residents
Specific Third Parties: You have the right to a list of specific "third parties" to which we have disclosed any personal information. We will include this list in the report we provide in response to an access request. 
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising: You have the right to opt out of "Targeted Advertising." See our Targeted Advertising Opt Out page for more information on how to exercise this right.
Appeal a Refusal to Take Action: Oregon law requires that we establish a process for a consumer to appeal our refusal to take action on certain requests. You may access that process on our Appeals information page. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of that process, you may contact the Oregon Attorney General to submit a complaint.
Other Options not Relevant. We do not knowingly process "sensitive data" concerning Oregon residents, as defined under Oregon law, unless required as a matter of law. 
Texas Residents
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising: You have the right to opt out of "Targeted Advertising." See our Targeted Advertising Opt Out page for more information on how to exercise this right.
Appeal a Refusal to Take Action: Texas law requires that we establish a process for a consumer to appeal our refusal to take action on certain requests. You may access that process on our Appeals information page. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of that process, you may contact the Texas Attorney General to submit a complaint.
Other Options not Relevant. We do not knowingly process "sensitive data" concerning Texas residents, as defined under Texas law, unless required as a matter of law. 
Utah Residents
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising: You have the right to opt out of "Targeted Advertising." See our Targeted Advertising Opt Out page for more information on how to exercise this right.
Other Options not Relevant. We do not sell personal information as "sale" is defined under Utah law. We do not knowingly process "sensitive data" concerning Utah residents, as defined under Utah law, unless required as a matter of law.
Virginia Residents
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising: You have the right to opt out of "Targeted Advertising." See our Targeted Advertising Opt Out page for more information on how to exercise this right. 
Appeal a Refusal to Take Action: Virginia law requires that we establish a process for a consumer to appeal our refusal to take action on certain requests. You may access that process on our Appeals information page. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of that process, you may contact the Virginia Attorney General to submit a complaint.
Other Options not Relevant. We do not sell personal information as "sale" is defined under Virginia law. We do not knowingly process "sensitive data" concerning Virginia residents, as defined under Virginia law, unless required as a matter of law.
Verifying Requests 
To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to personal information about you or complying with your request. If you have an account with us, we may verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your account. If you request access to or deletion of personal information and do not sign in to an account with us, we require you to provide the following information: name, email address, phone number, and postal address. In addition, if you do not have an account and you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of personal information, we reserve the option to require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. If you designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf for which verification is required, we may require you to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and require you to verify your own identity directly with us (as described above).
Notice About the My Best Buy Program
The My Best Buy Program (the "Program") is Best Buy's loyalty program that offers Program members ("Members") certain benefits. To participate in the Program, you must provide your full name, email address, postal address, and phone number. The following categories of personal information are implicated based on your participation in the Program: commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
The My Best Buy Program (the "Program") is Best Buy's loyalty program that offers Program members ("Members") certain benefits. To participate in the Program, you must provide your full name, email address, postal address, and phone number. The following categories of personal information are implicated based on your participation in the Program: internet and Other Electronic Network Activity Information: including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications, or advertisements
The My Best Buy Program (the "Program") is Best Buy's loyalty program that offers Program members ("Members") certain benefits. To participate in the Program, you must provide your full name, email address, postal address, and phone number. The following categories of personal information are implicated based on your participation in the Program: identifiers (Online): a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers, and Internet Protocol address
The My Best Buy Program (the "Program") is Best Buy's loyalty program that offers Program members ("Members") certain benefits. To participate in the Program, you must provide your full name, email address, postal address, and phone number. The following categories of personal information are implicated based on your participation in the Program: inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g., preferences or characteristics)
We use personal information to identify you as a member of the program and provide you with relevant messaging, benefits, and incentives. These benefits and incentives are reasonably related to the value of the data you provide.
Subject to certain restrictions, Members who use their My Best Buy Credit Card or My Best Buy Visa Card on eligible transactions may receive points on qualifying purchases. My Best Buy Credit Cardmembers may redeem points toward the issuance of reward certificates after receiving a specified number of points, or they may also use points with certain Best Buy Partners. Members who do not have a My Best Buy Credit Card may be eligible to receive promotional certificates. Members may receive additional benefits identified by Best Buy, as updated from time to time, with a current summary available by visiting My Best Buy Terms.
Member purchases of certain products and services may be eligible for discounts or reduced member pricing at Best Buy retail stores, on BestBuy.com, and the Best Buy mobile app ("Member Pricing"). Member Pricing will be limited-time offers and subject to offer limitations communicated by us. Specific details on earning points, rewards, and Member Pricing can be found at My Best Buy Terms.
You may enroll in the Program on our website, through our mobile app, or at a Best Buy retail location. You may cancel your Member Account at any time by calling 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289). See the My Best Buy Terms for additional information regarding membership cancellation.
Additional Information
If you choose to exercise any of your rights, you have the right not to receive, and will not receive, discriminatory treatment by us. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. Employees and contractors are provided notice via different statements.
This Statement is available in alternative formats upon request. Please contact PrivacyManager@BestBuy.com or 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289) to request this Statement in an alternative format.
Last Updated: 10/10/24
Help Center
Find answers to commonly asked questions about orders, product information, returns and more.
Go to the Help Center
Sponsored
Visit our Support Center
Check your Order Status
Shipping, Delivery & Store Pickup
Returns & Exchanges
Price Match Guarantee
Order & Purchases
Check Order Status
Shipping, Delivery & Pickup
Returns & Exchanges
Price Match Guarantee
Product Recalls
Trade-In Program
Gift Cards
Payment Options
My Best Buy Credit Card
Pay Your Bill at Citibank
Lease to Own
Support & Services
Visit our Support Center
Connect with an Expert
Schedule a Service
Manage an Appointment
Protection & Support Plans
Haul Away & Recycling
Contact Us
Rewards & Membership
My Best Buy Memberships
View Points & Certificates
Member Offers
Partnerships
Affiliate Program
Advertise with Us
Developers
Best Buy Health
Best Buy Education
Best Buy Business
Partner+
About Best Buy
Corporate Information
Careers
Corporate Responsibility
Sustainability
Sign in or Create Account
Get the latest deals and more.
Email Address
Sign Up
Best Buy appLearn more >
Mobile SiteBest Buy Canada
AccessibilityTerms & ConditionsPrivacyInterest-Based AdsState Privacy RightsHealth Data PrivacyDo Not Sell/Share My Personal InformationLimit Use of My Sensitive Personal InformationTargeted Advertising Opt OutCA Supply Chain Transparency Act
In-store pricing may vary. Prices and offers are subject to change. 2024 Best Buy. All rights reserved. BEST BUY, the BEST BUY logo, the tag design, and MY BEST BUY are trademarks of Best Buy and its affiliated companies.