None
Your home for all the dealsShop new deals every day. Limited quantities. No rainchecks. Shop now
Skip to content
Accessibility Survey
YardbirdBest Buy OutletBest Buy BusinessShop with an Expert
Menu
Store Locator
Cart
Holiday Deals
Gift Cards
Gift Ideas
Top Deals
Deal of the Day
Yes, Best Buy Sells That
My Best Buy Memberships
Credit Cards
More
Account
Recently Viewed
Order Status
Saved Items
Main Content
Best Buy
Best Buy Support
Privacy Policy
Best Buy Privacy Hub
View page as printable PDF
A privacy resource for our customers.
Below, you can view our Privacy Policy, read about our privacy practices and learn how you can control and protect your personal information online.
Skip to: scope
Skip to: personal info
Skip to: collection
Skip to: use
Skip to: sharing
Skip to: third-party sharing
Skip to: social media
Skip to: information security
Skip to: children's privacy
Skip to: updates
Skip to: contact us
Skip to: residents
Learn how to protect your privacy.
Best Buy cares about your privacy, and we want to ensure you have the information you need to protect your personal information. Read about how to spot and avoid online scams and access links for additional fraud-prevention resources.
Learn how to protect online accounts
Learn about phishing, smishing and gift card scams
Protecting privacy on your devices.
Customer privacy is a major priority at Best Buy, and we take great care to protect your information. The Best Buy Privacy Policy lays out the ways in which we gather and protect information, and how you can control your personal information. Read How Best Buy Interacts with Your Devices to learn more about our commitment to protecting your data and your privacy.
FTC identity theft
This website is a one-stop national resource to understand how to avoid identity theft, and learn what to do if your identity is stolen.
Effective 9/1/2024
Best Buy Privacy Policy
At Best Buy, our purpose is to enrich lives through technology. We collect, use, and share information about consumers to fulfill our purpose, meet (and hopefully exceed) customer expectations, and provide value to our stakeholders and the communities we serve.
This Privacy Policy is designed to give you an understanding of the personal information options we provide to all Americans, what types of information related to consumers we collect, how we use that information, and how we share that information. We also discuss other topics we think you'll find relevant to personal information.
Creating a policy that does this isn't as easy as it may sound-if we provide too much detail the policy might get too long or confusing. But, on the other hand, we want to provide enough detail to be clear and informative.
We hope you find that we've struck the right balance. Several state laws require us to describe our privacy practices using specific definitions and providing specific details-you can find information consistent with applicable state law on our State Privacy Rights page. And if you still have any questions about our privacy practices, feel free to ask using our contact information provided below.
So with that, let's get started.
Scope
First, we want to be clear how this Policy applies. This Privacy Policy applies to Best Buy and Pacific Sales retail stores and other locations and events under the Best Buy or Geek Squad name. This Policy also applies to digital properties (we use "digital properties" to include websites and mobile apps) owned or operated by Best Buy Co., Inc. and any of our subsidiaries, unless that property or subsidiary has its own privacy policy (which would instead apply).
Personal Information Options
While only required by a relatively small number of US states, we provide the following options to all Americans: access: We'll give you a report on the personal information that Best Buy has about you. Just submit an access request to get started.
While only required by a relatively small number of US states, we provide the following options to all Americans: deletion: You can ask us to delete certain personal information we have about you by submitting a deletion request. Exceptions apply.
While only required by a relatively small number of US states, we provide the following options to all Americans: advertising Opt-Outs: Some states have nuanced requirements that, for Best Buy, impact sharing of information for advertising purposes. We've provided the opportunity to make an opt-out choice that meets or exceeds applicable state-law requirements.
Collection
We may collect information relevant to you in three ways.
First, we may collect information directly from you. This could be as part of your interactions with Best Buy personnel, such as at our retail stores or during in-home visits, or when you provide information though our digital properties.
The personal information we collect directly from you may include things such as name
The personal information we collect directly from you may include things such as postal address
The personal information we collect directly from you may include things such as email address
The personal information we collect directly from you may include things such as phone number
The personal information we collect directly from you may include things such as payment card number and other payment information
The personal information we collect directly from you may include things such as your My Best Buy member ID
The personal information we collect directly from you may include things such as survey responses
The personal information we collect directly from you may include things such as chat submissions
The personal information we collect directly from you may include things such as reviews and other content you post on our digital properties in publicly accessible blogs and other forums (be aware that anyone who accesses these posts may view, collect, and use the information you provide) 
In certain situations, we may also collect other information directly from you such as driver's license number (for example, if you return a product or apply for credit)
In certain situations, we may also collect other information directly from you such as social Security Number (for example, if you apply for credit)
In certain situations, we may also collect other information directly from you such as location information (such as when you ask us to tell you about nearby stores)
In certain situations, we may also collect other information directly from you such as demographic and lifestyle information (for example, if you sign up for a registry or birthday list)
In certain situations, we may also collect other information directly from you such as health information (for example, if you purchase a hearing aid)
In certain situations, we may also collect other information directly from you such as fingerprints (when required by law for fraud detection in connection with Best Buy's product trade-in program)
In certain situations, we may also collect other information directly from you such as facial or wrist geometry (for example, if you choose to use Best Buy's virtual try-on tool, with your permission your camera will scan your facial or wrist geometry. The experience is exclusively done in real time, and we do not retain such data after you use this feature.) 
Second, we will collect such information by observing behavior, either in the "real world" or through our digital properties.
Store cameras & sensors 
Our stores may use cameras and sensors for asset protection and other operational purposes, such as measuring traffic patterns and protecting and improving our business. 
Information collected automatically 
Our digital properties are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers. We may collect information about your digital interactions with us including, for example type of device and browser you're using
Our digital properties are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers. We may collect information about your digital interactions with us including, for example iP address
Our digital properties are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers. We may collect information about your digital interactions with us including, for example browsing behavior while visiting our digital properties
Our digital properties are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers. We may collect information about your digital interactions with us including, for example the URLs of the websites visited before visiting our site (these are called "referring URLs")
Our digital properties are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers. We may collect information about your digital interactions with us including, for example iMEI/UDID (a numeric identifier for your mobile device)
Our digital properties are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers. We may collect information about your digital interactions with us including, for example mAC address (another kind of numeric identifier for your mobile device)
Our digital properties are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers. We may collect information about your digital interactions with us including, for example iDFA (Apple's ID for advertising, a randomly generated number)
Our digital properties are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers. We may collect information about your digital interactions with us including, for example aAID (Google Android's unique ID for advertising)
Our digital properties are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers. We may collect information about your digital interactions with us including, for example location information
Most current operating systems on mobile devices require that a user give permission for a specific app to collect specific location information-don't give our app permission if you don't want that information collected. Mobile devices also often provide users with the ability to adjust settings related to sharing specific location information. Note that adjusting these settings does not completely eliminate the ability of others to develop location information about your device (such as non-specific location information derived from IP addresses).
Collection by others 
Best Buy and our partners use cookies, pixels, tags, or similar technologies on our digital properties. We may permit third-party service providers to collect and process some information from our digital properties through these or other automated means. We may share personal information with those providers and may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers. See above regarding "Advertising Opt-Outs" to learn more on how you can limit this collection and sharing and below for more on interest-based advertising.
Our digital properties link to other companies' websites, many of which have their own privacy policies. Be sure to review the privacy policy on the website you are visiting to understand their privacy practices-our policy will not apply to others' digital properties.
Third, we may receive information about you from other sources, independent of you. For example, we may receive information about you as a gift recipient or as the person designated by another customer to pick up a purchased item at our store. We may receive information relating to you from our financial-services partners, consistent with federal law and the specific partner's privacy notice, arising from our My Best Buy Credit Card program or other financial services. We may also receive information related to you from data brokers or other third parties.
Use
We will use information about you to meet your expectations, give you a great experience with Best Buy, and improve our business to better serve you and others in the future. Some examples of this may include identifying you or a device on our digital properties to personalize or customize experiences
We will use information about you to meet your expectations, give you a great experience with Best Buy, and improve our business to better serve you and others in the future. Some examples of this may include fulfilling orders and requests for products, services, or information
We will use information about you to meet your expectations, give you a great experience with Best Buy, and improve our business to better serve you and others in the future. Some examples of this may include processing refunds, returns, and exchanges
We will use information about you to meet your expectations, give you a great experience with Best Buy, and improve our business to better serve you and others in the future. Some examples of this may include tracking and confirming orders
We will use information about you to meet your expectations, give you a great experience with Best Buy, and improve our business to better serve you and others in the future. Some examples of this may include delivering and installing products
We will use information about you to meet your expectations, give you a great experience with Best Buy, and improve our business to better serve you and others in the future. Some examples of this may include managing and providing benefits of our My Best Buy Memberships programs
We will use information about you to meet your expectations, give you a great experience with Best Buy, and improve our business to better serve you and others in the future. Some examples of this may include managing our My Best Buy Credit Card program, including taking applications and actions to enhance card usage and service
We will use information about you to meet your expectations, give you a great experience with Best Buy, and improve our business to better serve you and others in the future. Some examples of this may include conducting research and analytics
We will use information about you to meet your expectations, give you a great experience with Best Buy, and improve our business to better serve you and others in the future. Some examples of this may include engaging in internal uses with the purpose of enhancing existing or creating new products, services, digital properties, and technologies
We will use information about you to meet your expectations, give you a great experience with Best Buy, and improve our business to better serve you and others in the future. Some examples of this may include undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us 
We will also use information related to you in efforts to protect you, our customers, Best Buy, and other stakeholders. Examples may include detecting and responding to security incidents, protecting against and responding to malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity. We also may use such information to comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies.
We may use location information collected by a digital property to, for example, help you locate the closest Best Buy store, use special mobile features within some of our stores, or provide you with helpful messaging in our mobile app. We also may use this information to provide you with personalized content, information, or notices (including, but not limited to, notices that may be required by law based on your location).
Finally, we will seek to tell you about technology and other products and services that we think you will find useful through marketing, advertising, and other communications. That means we will use information about you to predict what you may find useful (or just fun and interesting). We or other advertisers may use those predictions to choose marketing messages to send you on our or others' digital properties and monitor the response to that message.
Sharing
We may combine or share information among current or future Best Buy companies, including affiliates and subsidiaries. 
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as fulfilling orders and delivering packages
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as scheduling and performing product installations
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as providing customer care and technical support, including servicing products
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as maintaining our My Best Buy Memberships programs
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as sending marketing communications and providing advertising services
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as measurement and reporting of advertising frequency, attribution, and performance
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as personalizing customer experience on our digital properties
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as fulfilling subscription services
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as conducting research and analysis
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as processing credit card payments
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as detecting fraud and other illegal activity
We also may share personal information in connection with co-branded product or service offerings (including sharing personal information with business partners to validate offers). Additionally, we may share personal information in connection with financial products or services related to our business, such as private-label credit cards or a lease-to-own program. For example, when you apply for a Best Buy Credit Card, and while you have a Best Buy Credit Card, we share your personal information with our banking partners that issue the card.
Sometimes we may be required to share personal information for legal reasons, for example, if we are required to do so by a regulation, court order, subpoena or other legal process. We may also share information when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law or to respond to a government request, or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect Best Buy, our customers, or others.
We may share personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution, liquidation, or similar event.
More on interest-based advertising & related information sharing
You can opt out of interest-based advertising from third-party providers who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising at website_url_lnk
As a general rule, when we share personal information the contract between us and the receiving party places specific limits on how they use the information in support of Best Buy. However, this general rule does not apply to some information sharing for advertising purposes. For example, we may share browsing history from our website or our prediction of your preferences/interests and personal information (like a device identifier or IP address, for example) with third parties to support providing you or a device relevant ads. Some recipients may combine this information with assumptions based on other information they have collected in order to tailor ads to you or the identified device.
As another example, we may share consumer purchase history with social-media companies so that, if you have an account with that company's digital properties, they can improve the performance of our advertising on their properties and we can better assess how those advertisements performed. Some of these companies will combine this information with other personal information for their own purposes, independent of Best Buy, but are obligated by law to follow their own privacy policy.
See above regarding "Advertising Opt-Outs" to learn more about asking us to limit this type of sharing for advertising purposes (referred to as a "sale" by a number of state laws).
Social media features
Our digital properties may include ways to interact and share using social media, through features such as a "thumbs up" button, "share this" button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our website ("widgets"). These features may collect information such as your IP address or the page you are visiting on our website and may set cookies to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features can be hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the social media company providing the feature.
How we protect information about you
We use a variety of cybersecurity measures designed, under a risk-based approach, to ensure the confidentiality of information about you from bad actors. However, as set forth in the applicable terms of use for each digital property, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of information we collect. 
You also can do your part to help protect the information you provide to us. Create a strong password. Use that password only on our digital properties and not on other sites or for other accounts. And do not share your password with anyone-especially anyone claiming to work with us. We would never contact you and ask for your password-ever.
Protecting children's privacy
We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will promptly delete that information. Our digital properties are not intended for minors under age 18 and we also ask third parties who share personal information with us, including data brokers, not to include any information concerning children or minors under the age of 18 if possible. If you believe we are processing information about a child or minor without parental consent, please contact us as specified in the "How to contact us" section below.
Please note that in some cases we may not be able to remove content posted on our properties, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. Additionally, even if we are able to anonymize or make content or information no longer visible on our digital properties at your request, this cannot ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information from the internet.
Privacy Policy updates
We may need to update our Privacy Policy as we and our customers grow and evolve. If we make material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of posting a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective, as well as inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes.
How to contact us:
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us.
Phone 
1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289)
Email 
PrivacyManager@BestBuy.com
Address 
Best Buy Corporate Campus 
Attn: Customer Care/Privacy 
7601 Penn Avenue South 
Richfield, MN 55423-3645
You also may contact us at the above to stop receiving direct mail from us. If you wish to make an Access, Deletion, or Advertising Opt-Out request as discussed at the start of this policy, you or your authorized representative must follow the methods provided at the specific linked pages or as described in our State Privacy Rights page. The methods we've established are either technically necessary or designed to ensure, under a risk-based approach, the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of personal information to a degree that emailing or writing us with such a request cannot provide.
California residents:
If you are a California resident and would like to learn more about your rights under California's laws, or review a privacy policy and notice consistent with the same, visit our State Privacy Rights page.
Colorado residents:
If you are a Colorado resident and would like to learn more about your rights under Colorado's laws, or review a privacy policy and notice consistent with the same, visit our State Privacy Rights page.
Connecticut residents:
If you are a Connecticut resident and would like to learn more about your rights under Connecticut's laws, or review a privacy policy and notice consistent with the same, visit our State Privacy Rights page.
Nevada residents:
If you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to request that Best Buy not sell your personal information to third parties. To submit this request, please send us an email at EnterprisePrivacy@BestBuy.com. However, please note that Best Buy does not sell personal information about you to third parties as defined under Nevada law.
Montana residents:
If you are a Montana resident and would like to learn more about your rights under Montana's laws, or review a privacy policy and notice consistent with the same, visit our State Privacy Rights page.
Oregon residents:
If you are an Oregon resident and would like to learn more about your rights under Oregon's laws, or review a privacy policy and notice consistent with the same, visit our State Privacy Rights page.
Texas residents:
If you are a Texas resident and would like to learn more about your rights under Texas's laws, or review a privacy policy and notice consistent with the same, visit our State Privacy Rights page.
Utah residents:
If you are a Utah resident and would like to learn more about your rights under Utah's laws, or review a privacy policy and notice consistent with the same, visit our State Privacy Rights page.
Virginia residents:
If you are a Virginia resident and would like to learn more about your rights under Virginia's laws, or review a privacy policy and notice consistent with the same, visit our State Privacy Rights page.
Last Updated: 10/1/24
Sponsored
Visit our Support Center
Check your Order Status
Shipping, Delivery & Store Pickup
Returns & Exchanges
Price Match Guarantee
Order & Purchases
Check Order Status
Shipping, Delivery & Pickup
Returns & Exchanges
Price Match Guarantee
Product Recalls
Trade-In Program
Gift Cards
Payment Options
My Best Buy Credit Card
Pay Your Bill at Citibank
Lease to Own
Support & Services
Visit our Support Center
Connect with an Expert
Schedule a Service
Manage an Appointment
Protection & Support Plans
Haul Away & Recycling
Contact Us
Rewards & Membership
My Best Buy Memberships
View Points & Certificates
Member Offers
Partnerships
Affiliate Program
Advertise with Us
Developers
Best Buy Health
Best Buy Education
Best Buy Business
Partner+
About Best Buy
Corporate Information
Careers
Corporate Responsibility
Sustainability
Sign in or Create Account
Get the latest deals and more.
Email Address
Sign Up
Best Buy appLearn more >
Mobile SiteBest Buy Canada
AccessibilityTerms & ConditionsPrivacyInterest-Based AdsState Privacy RightsHealth Data PrivacyDo Not Sell/Share My Personal InformationLimit Use of My Sensitive Personal InformationTargeted Advertising Opt OutCA Supply Chain Transparency Act
In-store pricing may vary. Prices and offers are subject to change. 2024 Best Buy. All rights reserved. BEST BUY, the BEST BUY logo, the tag design, and MY BEST BUY are trademarks of Best Buy and its affiliated companies.