Skip to Content (Press Enter) Skip to Footer (Press Enter)
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you experience this sites full capabilities. 
About cookies 
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
We're not talking about the cookie that you eat (unfortunately). Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which allow our site to recognise your device and are downloaded to your device when you visit a website if you agree to the site doing so. Cookies are then sent back to the website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie.
Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device and are widely used in order to either make websites, work more efficiently, let you navigate between pages, remember your preferences, and generally improve your user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of boohoo.com (our "site"). This helps us to provide you with a better experience when you browse our website. Cookies also enable us to analyse the performance of our websites in order to make improvements. Some of the cookies we use are "analytical" cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
To view a full list of all of our Cookies simply click here
Cookies do not contain confidential information such as your home address, telephone number or credit card details. We do not exchange cookies with any third party websites. Please note that our advertisers and affiliates may also use cookies (see further detail below). The use of these will be governed by your preferences and their cookies policy. Please refer to those parties' cookies policies for further information.
Please bear in mind, your use of our site is not only subject to and governed by this cookies policy (in accordance with your preferences) but also the terms on our site, including our Terms & Conditions here and privacy policy here which we ask you to read carefully. 
USE OF COOKIES
The type of cookies placed and the preferences available to you will depend on the functionality of the relevant cookie. 
Essential Cookies are essential for our website to remain working and secure. These cannot be disabled and do not require consent to be placed on your device. Other cookies (known as non-essential cookies) require your prior consent before being placed on your device. We categorise the non-essential cookies we use as Functional Cookies, Advertising Cookies and Analytical Cookies. 
Strictly necessary cookies are essential for our website to remain working and secure. These cannot be disabled and do not require consent to be placed on your device. Other cookies (known as non-essential cookies) require your prior consent before being placed on your device. We categorise the non-essential cookies we use as The Functionality Ones and The Targeting Ones. 
We will seek your consent to non-essential cookies on your visit to our landing page and, unless you have adjusted your preferences or browser setting so that it will refuse the non-essential cookies, our system will issue cookies and download them onto your device in accordance with the cookies preferences you have most recently indicated to us. 
CHANGING YOUR PREFERENCES AND BROWSER SETTINGS
Whether or not you allow us to download cookies is up to you.
Change Browser Settings, You can amend the settings on your browser to disable cookies and to change the approach taken to cookies downloaded on your device. These options are available in different locations depending on the browser you use. You can find more information about cookies and how to disable them at website_url_lnk and website_url_lnk
If you choose to disable cookies by changing your preferences or your browser Settings, our website and its features may not necessarily work in the same way or produce the same personalised experience. If you delete all of your cookies, you will have to update your preferences with us again. If you use a different device, computer profile or browser you will have to tell us your preferences again.
CHANGES TO THIS COOKIE POLICY
From time to time we may change this cookies policy. If there are any significant changes we will post updates on our website, applications or let you know by email.
HOW TO CONTACT US
We welcome feedback and are happy to answer any questions you may have about the cookies we use.
Please send any questions, comments or requests for more information to dpo@boohoo.com
This cookies policy was last updated on 20.10.2020
Boohoo.com UK Limited,
Registered Company Number: 05723154,
UK VAT Number: 185 4874 61.
Contents 
SIGN UP TO PREMIER FOR £5.99! 
You are using an unsupported browser or your browser might be in the Compatibility View mode 
Your cookies are disabled. To experience the full world of Boohoo, please enable these or check whether another program is blocking them. By enabling them, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy