Skip to Content (Press Enter) Skip to Footer (Press Enter)
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you experience this sites full capabilities. 
Terms & Conditions 
IMPORTANT LEGAL NOTICE!
These are the legal terms and conditions under which we or the Concessionaire Brands supply the products ("Products") listed on our website website_url_lnk ("our site") to you. Please read these terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") carefully before ordering any Products from our site. By placing an order to purchase any or our Products, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions together with our Website Terms Of Useour Privacy Policy, our Privacy Notice, and our Return Policy , regardless of whether or not you choose to register with us. These Terms and Conditions tell you who we are, how we will provide Products to you, how you and we may change or end the contract, what to do if there is a problem and other important information.
INFORMATION ABOUT US 
website_url_lnk is operated by Boohoo.com UK Limited ("We"). We are a company registered in England and Wales under company number 05723154 and with our registered office at 49/51 Dale Street, Manchester, England M1 2HF. Our UK VAT number is 185 4874 61. Our email address is customerservices@boohoo.com.
If we need to contact you, we will do so by writing to you at the e-mail address or postal address you provided to us in your order, unless you have asked us to contact you by any other means. When we use the words "writing" or "written" in these terms, this includes e-mails. 
THE CONTRACT AND CONCESSIONAIRE BRAND 
Where you place an order on our site for a Product sold by Boohoo, the contract for the sale of the Product is between you and Boohoo; and
Where you place an order on our site for a Product sold by Debenhams DBZ Limited, 49-51 Dale Street, Manchester, M1 2HF registered no. 14840908 (the "Concessionaire Brand"), Boohoo acts as the Concessionaire Brand's disclosed agent and not as principal. This means the Contract for the sale of such Products is made between you and the Concessionaire Brand, on the terms and conditions set out in this document. Other than concluding sales as a disclosed agent on the Concessionaire Brands' behalf, Boohoo has no responsibility to you in respect of Contracts made with the Concessionaire Brand and all references in the remainder of these terms and conditions to "We", "us" or "our" shall be deemed to refer to the Concessionaire Brand. 
SERVICE AVAILABILITY 
Some restrictions are placed on the extent to which We accept orders from specific countries. These restrictions can be found on our "Deliveries" page here.
YOUR STATUS 
You may only purchase Products from us if: 
you are legally capable of entering into a binding contract with us (for example, in England and Wales you must be at least 18 years old).
you are an authorised user of the credit or debit card or payment account (ie Paypal, Afterpay or Laybuy) used to pay for your order; and,
are resident in a country that we deliver to (please see our "Deliveries" page here for further information). 
HOW THE CONTRACT IS FORMED BETWEEN YOU AND US 
Once you have placed your order, you should receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that We have received your order (but please contact us if you do not receive this e-mail). Please note this does not mean that your order has been accepted. All orders are subject to availability and acceptance by us (which We may refuse for any reason).
After you submit your order, we immediately contact your bank or card issuer for authorisation to take payment from your account. We will not process your order until payment has been received in full. If we accept your order We will confirm this to you by sending you a further e-mail confirming the Product is being processed ready for dispatch at which point the contract between us ("Contract") will be formed.
As soon as you place your order, we start to process your order which means you will not be able to change it before delivery, but you may be able to return your Products under clause 8 of these terms and conditions or under our Returns Policy.
here. 
From time to time We may make minor changes to a Product to reflect changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements.
These terms and conditions, and any Contract between us, are only in the English language. Please note that We may not necessarily keep a copy of your Contract. You should keep a copy of these terms and conditions and your order for future reference.
DELIVERY 
Your order will be fulfilled by the delivery date set out in the Dispatch Confirmation or, if no delivery date is specified, then as soon as reasonably possible (depending on the delivery service you have selected). In any event, delivery will take place no more than 30 days after the day your Contract is entered into.
If no one is available at your address to take delivery and the Products cannot be posted through your letterbox or left in a safe place, after three failed attempts, we may end the Contract and clause 13 will apply.
Delivery of your order will be complete when We deliver the Products to the address you gave us and the Products will be your responsibility from that time.
You will own the Products once We have received payment in full.
The images of the Products on our site and in our other advertising materials are for illustrative purposes only. Your Products may vary slightly from those images. Although We have made every effort to display and print the colours of the Products accurately, We cannot guarantee that your computer's display of the pictures, or the pictures in our other advertising materials, accurately reflect the colours of the Products that will be delivered to you.
Please note postcode restrictions apply and that orders placed with the Concessionaire Brand can only be delivered within the UK mainland and Northern Ireland. Check your eligibility on the product page. 
Working Days excludes Sunday and Bank Holidays and Saturdays for the Concessionaire Brand. 
Please note postcode restrictions apply. Delivery times and costs may be increased where the Products are shipped outside the UK. Check your eligibility here.
here. 
Working Days excludes Sunday and Bank Holidays
If you wish to dispute delivery of your order, you have 28 days starting from the day that the tracking status for you order is updated by the carrier as fulfilled (i.e. updated as delivered to the address set out in the Dispatch Confirmation). We reserve the right to request evidence, before issuing any refund of the price paid and any associated delivery costs
In addition, if you order Products from us for delivery to a destination outside the UK:
your order may be subject to import duties and taxes which are applied when it reaches the delivery destination. Please note that we have no control over these charges and we cannot predict their amount. You will be responsible for payment of any such import duties and taxes. Please contact your local customs office for further information before placing your order. We will not be liable or responsible if you do not pay any such import duties or taxes.
you must comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the Products are destined. We will not be liable or responsible if you break any such law; and
please see our Returns Policy herefor details on returning any Products to us from a destination outside the UK
Next Day excludes most Concessionaire Brand items.
INTERNATIONAL DELIVERY 
If you order Products from us for delivery to a destination outside the UK: 
your order may be subject to import duties and taxes which are applied when it reaches the delivery destination. Please note that We have no control over these charges and We cannot predict their amount. You will be responsible for payment of any such import duties and taxes. Please contact your local customs office for further information before placing your order. We will not be liable or responsible if you do not pay any such import duties or taxes.
you must comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the Products are destined. We will not be liable or responsible if you break any such law; and
if you return any Products to us from a destination outside the UK, please ensure that the return parcel is marked clearly with the wording "Return to supplier" or wording having similar effect.
PRICE AND PAYMENT 
The price payable for the Products shall be as shown on our site in pounds sterling (GBP), although please see clauses and for what happens if We discover an error in the price of any Product you order. Prices advertised on our site include UK VAT at the relevant rate chargeable for the time being, but exclude delivery charges which are payable in addition and shown separately during the checkout process.
We can change the prices on our site at any time without notice, but changes will not affect orders which We have already accepted. However, if the rate of VAT changes after the date of your order, We will adjust the rate of VAT you pay unless you have already paid for the Products in full before the change in VAT takes effect.
We accept payment by debit card, credit card, Apple Pay (iOS only), PayPal, Clearpay, Klarna, and Laybuy. We accept the following cards: Visa, VISA Electron, Mastercard, Maestro, American Express.
You must pay for the Products (including all applicable delivery charges), and We will charge the card you have chosen to use to pay for your order once you reach the final billing page and submit your order. We immediately contact your bank or card issuer for authorisation to take payment from your account. If you are using Clearpay, such payment will be subject to additional terms between you and Clearpay, available at website_url_lnk For more information about how Clearpay will handle your personal data see their Privacy Policy, available here. If you pay using Klarna, such payment will subject to additional terms between you and Klarna, available at website_url_lnk. See website_url_lnk for further information about Klarna. For more information about how Klarna will handle your personal data see their Privacy Policy, available at website_url_lnk Late fees may apply. If you are using Laybuy, such payment will be subject to additional terms between you and Laybuy, available at website_url_lnk For more information about how Laybuy will handle your personal data see their Privacy Policy, available here. If you are using Paypal Pay In 3, such payment will be subject to additional terms between you and PayPal available at website_url_lnk For more information about how PayPal will handle your personal data see their Privacy Policy, available here. See website_url_lnk for further information about PayPal Pay In 3.
If We accept and process your order where there is a pricing error that is obvious and unmistakable and which could reasonably have been recognised by you as a mispricing, We may end the Contract, refund to you any sums you have paid under the Contract and require the return of any Products provided to you.
Our liability to pay for the Product is satisfied once Boohoo has received your payment in full in accordance with clause above, irrespective of whether the Product is sold by Boohoo or the Concessionaire Brand. Boohoo is entitled to use the proceeds of your payment at its absolute discretion, to the extent that such use will have no effect on the satisfaction of your liability in relation to your purchase of the Product. 
If you wish to apply a voucher code to your order, you must enter the relevant code during the online checkout process. Up to five voucher codes can be used per order and additional terms and conditions may apply in respect of each voucher code. We reserve the right to decline to accept any voucher code that is invalid for your order or that has expired.
YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL THE CONTRACT 
If you are a consumer in the UK or the European Union ("EU"), you have a legal right to cancel a Contract if you change your mind, until 14 days after you receive (or someone you nominate receives) the Products, unless the Products are split into several deliveries over different days, in which case you will have until 14 days after the day you receive (or someone you nominate receives) the last Product which you ordered under the Contract which you wish to cancel. We are entitled to extend your period for cancellation at our discretion and you should review our Returns Polily herefrom time to time for further information. 
You are entitled to exercise your rights to cancel an order in respect of any one, or all Products from an order. Please see our Returns Policy herefor more details.
You may be entitled to a repair, replacement, or refund where you receive faulty Products, or your Products become faulty. Please let us know as soon as reasonably possible after becoming aware of a fault with your Product. For further information, please see our Returns Policy here
The right to cancel a contract under clause does not apply to cosmetics and pierced jewellery or on swimwear and lingerie if the hygiene seal is not in place or has been broken; vitamins and supplements, medicines and toiletries if the hygiene or product seal has been broken or is no longer in place or if the product is not in its original packaging (if applicable), unless faulty; returned shoes must not have been worn outside, however they may have been tried on indoors (but not on any stone or tiled floors). Any returned footwear must be in its original box (if any) and original shoe or dust bag (if any); items of homeware including bedlinen, mattresses and toppers, and pillows must be unused and in their original unopened packaging; electrical products may have their own specific warranty period or additional terms relating to returns, please see further details on any product page and in some cases, electrical products may not be returned if the packaging has been tampered with or opened, or if any hygiene seal (where applicable) has been tampered with, or is broken; furniture items must be in new and unused condition, unassembled and in their original packaging; perishable items (including but not limited to food, alcohol or flowers); unwrapped computer software (including CDs and DVDs); custom-made items and personalised items; and vitamins or supplements where the seal has been broken. 
If you wish to cancel a Contract under clauses to above, please let us know within the timescales set out under those clauses. There are a few ways to contact us, you can:
Email us: customerservices@boohoo.com
WhatsApp us: +44 333 311 0802
Facebook us Here
Tweet us Here
Write to us via post: boohoo.com UK Limited, PO Box 553, Burnley, BB11 9GD.
You may use a copy of the cancellation form availablehere but you are not required to do so.
For full details on returns and items that are excluded from being returned, please see our Returns Policy here
If you cancel a Contract under clause before you receive the Products, but after the Products have been dispatched to you, you must return them to us once received. You must send off the Products for return within 14 days of telling us that you wish to cancel the Contract. If you choose to return the Products using any method other than one of our nominated carriers (available via our UK returns service) you will remain responsible for the Products including for any loss or damage, until we receive them. Please see our Returns Policy here for further information about how to return Products to us. If you wish to cancel a Contract with the Concession Brand, you will need to follow the instructions provided in your parcel delivery note. If you do not use this service in accordance with instructions set out in delivery note, then you will be responsible for the cost of returning the Products to us. 
RETURNS 
1. As an alternative to using your rights under clause 8.1, you may wish to return an item using our UK returns service. For further information on returns please see our Returns Policy. The process for returning your Products is dependent on whether the individual item was supplied by Boohoo or by the Concession Brand. In order to check if your individual item is from a Concession Brand, please check on your order confirmation before returning the Products in line with our Returns Policy. 
2. If you choose to return the Products using any method other than one of our nominated carriers (available via our UK returns service), you will remain responsible for the Products, including for any loss or damage, until we receive them.
3. Where we suspect fraudulent activity, including but not limited to circumstances where there are suspicious claims relating to orders having been placed, but not received, or if we suspect that you are returning items after they have been used or worn, or items returned do not match what you ordered, or if we suspect that you have not returned items to us and have provided us with counterfeit proof of return, we reserve the right to withhold refunds and block your account (and any associated accounts) from placing orders in future. If this happens to you and you think we've made a mistake, you can Contact Us and we will discuss the matter with you further
YOUR RIGHT FOR A REFUND (UK AND EEA CUSTOMERS ONLY) 
If you are a consumer in the UK or EEA and you cancel your Contract under clause 8.1, We will: 
refund you the price you paid for the Products. However, please note that We may reduce your refund to reflect any reduction in the value of the Products, if this has been caused by your handling them in a way which would not be permitted in a shop. If We refund you the price paid before We are able to inspect the Products and later discover you have handled them in an unacceptable way, you must pay us an appropriate amount; and
2. refund any charges you have paid for delivery of the Products to you, although the maximum refund for delivery costs will be the least expensive delivery method We offer to your delivery destination; and
make any refunds due to you by the method you used for payment:
14 days after the day on which We receive the Products back from you or, if earlier, 14 days after the day on which you provide us with evidence that you have sent the Products back to us via one of our nominated carriers; or
in respect of services only, 14 days after you inform us of your decision to cancel the Contract
If you choose to return the Products using any method other than one of our nominated carriers, you will remain responsible for the Products until we receive them, and we will not be liable for providing a refund if we do not receive the Products, or if they are damaged when we receive them. In such circumstances, you should contact the carrier you have used to return the Products. 
Please see our Returns Policy here for more information about returns and refunds.
FAULTY PRODUCTS 
If you are a consumer, We are under a legal duty to supply Products that are in conformity with the Contract. Nothing in these terms and conditions will affect your legal rights in relation to Products that are faulty or defective.
If you consider that any Product We have supplied is faulty or mis-described, please notify us using the contact details set out in clause 8.2. 
If you discover that your Product is faulty after 14 days, we reserve the right to request evidence, such as images of the defect, before issuing any refund of the price paid and any associated delivery costs.
FAIR USAGE POLICY 
To further protect against fraud and misuse of our returns services, we have put together a Fair Usage Policy. All returns and purchases must comply with our Fair Usage Policy.
Fraudulent, Suspicious, or Unusual Returns Activity
Your account may be flagged for fraudulent, suspicious, or unusual returns or purchasing activity.
When reviewing your account, we will primarily consider:
excessive returns, far beyond the rest of our customer-base.
the number of orders placed.
the percentage of orders retained.
the value of each order.
complaints about unreceived orders.
missing items.
unusual activity patterns.
returned items that we suspect have been worn.
returned items that have signs of wear and tear; and
returned items that do not correspond with the order.
At our discretion, we reserve the right to suspend or close your account. In serious cases, we may also refuse to provide a refund and take legal action where necessary.
Following account suspension or closure, [you will be required to pay the shipping cost for any valid returns]. Valid returns will be refunded as usual.
In future, we may increase the cost of returns for accounts that do not abide by the Fair Usage Policy. 
Nothing in this Fair Usage Policy shall affect your statutory rights. 
OUR RIGHTS TO CANCEL THE CONTRACT 
We may end the Contract at any time by writing to you if: 
you do not make any payment to us when it is due.
you do not, within a reasonable time of us asking for it, provide us with information that is necessary for us to provide the Products; or
you do not, within a reasonable time, allow us to deliver the Products to you.
We may also end the Contract in the circumstances set out in clause 7.5, clause 7.6. or clause 13.
If We end the Contract in any of the situations set out in clause 13.1, We will refund any money you have paid in advance for the Products We have not provided but We may deduct or charge you reasonable compensation for the costs We will incur as a result of your breaking the Contract.
OUR LIABILITY 
If We fail to comply with these terms and conditions, We are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breach or our failing to use reasonable care and skill, but We are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the Contract was made, both We and you knew it might happen.
We only supply the Products for domestic and private use. If you use the Products for any commercial, business or resale purpose, We will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, loss of anticipated savings, business interruption or loss of business opportunity.
We do not in any way exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or any matter for which We may not exclude or limit our liability under any applicable law.
EVENTS OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL 
We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under a Contract that is caused by an Event Outside Our Control. An Event Outside Our Control means any act, event, omission or accident beyond our reasonable control.
If an Event Outside Our Control takes place that affects the performance of our obligations under a Contract, We will contact you as soon as reasonably possible to notify you and our obligations under the Contract will be suspended and the time for performance of our obligations will be extended for the duration of the Event Outside Our Control. Where the Event Outside Our Control affects our delivery of Products to you, We will arrange a new delivery date with you after the Event Outside Our Control is over.
You may cancel a Contract affected by an Event Outside Our Control if there is a risk of substantial delay. To cancel a Contract under this clause 14 please contact us using the details set out in clause 8.2.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
All and any Intellectual Property Rights in the Products shall be owned by us or our licensors. All such rights are reserved.
OTHER IMPORTANT TERMS 
Nothing in these terms and conditions shall affect your rights as a consumer under the applicable law in the jurisdiction in which you are resident.
If We have to contact you, We will do so by in writing or telephone, using the contact details you provided to us in your order, unless you have asked us to contact you by any other means. When We refer in these terms and conditions to "in writing", this includes e-mail.
We may change these terms and conditions from time to time. The terms and conditions that apply to your Contract will be those that are displayed on our site when you place your order.
We may transfer our rights and obligations under the Contract to another organisation. We will tell you in writing if this happens and We will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the Contract.
You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these Terms to another person if We agree in writing.
Where the Contract relates to Products sold by the Concessionaire Brand, the Contract is between you and the Concessionaire Brand. Alternatively, where the Contract relates to Products sold by Boohoo, the Contract is between you and the Concessionaire Brand. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms.
The Contract is between you and us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms.
Each of the paragraphs of these terms and conditions operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
If We fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these terms and conditions, or if We do not enforce our rights against you, or if We delay in doing so, that will not mean that We have waived our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If We do waive a default by you, We will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that We will automatically waive any later default by you.
Please note that these terms and conditions are governed by English law. If you are a consumer, this means a Contract for the purchase of Products and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it will be governed by English law, except that if you are not resident in England then English law shall apply only to the extent that it does not override any mandatory laws of the country in which you have your usual place of residence.
In respect of any dispute or claim relating to a Contract, if you are a consumer you and We both submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales, but nothing in this clause shall limit your legal rights to bring actions against us or to require proceedings to take place in the country in which you have your usual place of residence. If you are not a consumer, you and We both submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
AFTER-SALES SERVICE 
Questions, comments or requests regarding these terms and conditions or our Products should be addressed to customerservices@boohoo.com.
If you have any questions, comments, requests or complaints regarding any Product supplied under a contract with the Concessionaire Brand these should be addressed to customerservices@boohoo.com.
If you have any complaints these should be addressed to boohoo by email to customerservices@boohoo.com. 
If you are not satisfied with how We have handled any complaint, you may wish to request that the complaint be referred for alternative dispute resolution (where an independent body considers the facts of the dispute and seeks to resolve it without you having to go to court). Disputes may be submitted for online resolution to the European Commission Online Dispute Resolution platform, which can be found here.
BOOHOO PREMIER, ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION FOR UNLIMITED FREE DELIVERY 
Membership, Boohoo Premier is valid for 12 months and is only available to individuals residing in the UK. To purchase Boohoo Premier click here
Boohoo Account, you must have a registered Boohoo customer account and be logged in to your customer account to use Boohoo Premier.
Availability, Boohoo Premier is available for delivery to UK addresses. Please note postcode restrictions apply. Check your eligibility here.
The service in the following areas may take 3, 5 working days: Channel Islands, Highlands & Islands of Scotland, Shetlands.
Minimum Spend, for all subscriptions after 12am 02.03.2023 (including renewals after this date) boohoo premier free next-day delivery is available for delivery to UK addresses on orders of £10 or over. We reserve the right to amend the minimum spend order of £10 during the applicable term, provided we give reasonable notice to you. Orders below the spend of £10 will be delivered as free standard delivery. 
Minimum Spend Changes, during your subscription period, we may vary the minimum spend amount. In the event of this, we will provide you with at least 30' days written notice before any changes come into effect. Should you decide not to continue with your subscription because of the variation to the minimum spend amount, you have the right to terminate your subscription at any time before the minimum spend change takes effect. You will receive a pro-rated refund based on the number of full months left on your subscription. 
Orders, you must place your order in accordance with Boohoo's Next Day Delivery timescales.
Returns, you shall be entitled to one free return per order during your annual subscription. Any additional items which are subsequently returned to us in respect of the same order shall be at your cost (currently priced at £1.99). Boohoo reserves the right to increase the price for additional returns in respect of the same order. 
Delivery, Boohoo reserves the right to alter the delivery service valid in this promotion at any time; in this case you will be offered the delivery service available at that time free of charge.
Exclusions, The UK Next Day Evening Delivery service (10pm to midnight) is expressly excluded from Boohoo Premier., Thursday 26th November 2020 to Wednesday 2nd December 2020 boohoo Premier Next Day Delivery service will be unavailable.
Terms & Conditions, Terms & Conditions, You are responsible for using Boohoo Premier in accordance with the terms and conditions. Boohoo reserves the right to accept or refuse membership and to change any terms and conditions at its discretion. Boohoo will inform you of any significant changes to these terms and conditions. All other applicable Boohoo terms and conditions apply, including the General Terms and Conditions and the Fair Use Policy. Any breach will result in termination of your membership and no refund will be given. 
Personal use only, Boohoo Premier is for personal use only.
Delay outside of our control, Boohoo will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond Boohoo's reasonable control.
Termination, We may decide to terminate your Boohoo Premier account and you will be given a prorated refund based on the number of whole months remaining in your membership. We will not give any refund for termination related to conduct that we determine, in our discretion, violates these terms or any applicable law, involves fraud or misuse, or is harmful to Boohoo's interests or another user.
Postal address, Boohoo Premier IS only available for delivery to UK addresses. Please note postcode restrictions apply. Check your eligibility here here
The Boohoo Premier service and Boohoo Student Premier in the following areas may take 3-5 working days (rather than "next day"): Channel Islands, Highlands & Islands of Scotland, Shetlands. 
Boohoo Premier Perks, Boohoo may introduce other temporary perks for members in such as exclusive offers, promotions and free returns. These perks may be cancelled, changes and withdrawn by boohoo at any time without notice as they do not form part of the Membership.
The Boohoo Premier service in the following areas may take 3-5 working days (rather than "next day"): Channel Islands, Highlands & Islands of Scotland, Shetlands.
PROMOTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Official boohoo promotion codes entitle you to an offer on your online order from website_url_lnk To utilise your promotion code, click the "redeem a promotion code" button on the order summary page and enter the specific code. Please note, promotion codes can only be used once per transaction and cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion or offer. Promotion codes are territory specific, remain our property, are not transferable and are not valid for the purchase of gift cards or gift vouchers. There is no cash alternative. Promotion codes and related offers are not open to employees of boohoo.com and we reserve the right to withdraw them and refuse or restrict any order at any time. Promotion codes are only valid on boohoo.com for payments made by residents of the United Kingdom and Ireland in Sterling, where enabled, Euros, US or Australian dollars. Payment by Euros, US or Australian dollars can be enabled by selecting the appropriate flag in the dropdown currency selection menu in the top right-hand corner on the homepage.
GIFT CARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
By purchasing, using, or accepting a Boohoo e-gift card (e-gift card) or physical gift card in selected stores (store gift card) (each being a Gift Card and, together or in any combination, the Gift Cards), you agree to enter into a contract with Boohoo and to be bound by these Terms and Conditions together with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and our website Terms and Conditions which are incorporated into these Terms and Conditions. Please read them carefully before purchasing, using or accepting a Gift Card. By purchasing, using or accepting a Gift Card, you accept that your contract with us for the Gift Card will be governed by these Terms and Conditions together with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and our website Terms and Conditions.
Boohoo / we / our means boohoo.com UK Limited. We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 05723154 and with our registered office at 49/51 Dale Street, Manchester, England M1 2HF. Our UK VAT number is 185 4874 61. 
Our Gift Cards are managed by Jigsaw Business Solutions Ltd (which is a limited company incorporated in England and Wales under company number 08663917) (Jigsaw). We may use Jigsaw and other third parties to perform any or all of our responsibilities relating to your Gift Card.
You / your means only the person who has purchased the Gift Card from us or in selected stores. If you nominate another person to receive and use your Gift Card, you are authorising that person to use your Gift Card and any balance on your Gift Card.
Gift Cards are not cheque guarantee, credit, charge cards, e-money or regulated payment instruments. Please note that Gift Cards are not regulated as payment instruments under the Payment Services Regulations 2017 and amounts on them are not electronic money under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011. Accordingly, rights and protections under those regulations do not apply and the Financial Conduct Authority does not supervise this service or the Gift Cards.
PURCHASING AN E-GIFT CARD
You can purchase an e-gift card online at boohoogiftcards.com in the UK only. You can purchase up to five e-gift cards in any one transaction. E-gift cards cannot be purchased in conjunction with any other items on boohoo.com in the same transaction.
E-gift cards may be purchased and activated for a minimum value of £5 and a maximum value of £500. E-gift cards are only available in GBP. Payment for e-gift cards is accepted by debit card, credit card and PayPal. You cannot purchase an e-gift card using another Gift Card.
Payment on boohoogiftcards.com will be taken by a third party company, Stripe, and will show on your bank statement as "Boohoo Gift Cards".
Any digital GBP eGifts activated after 1st March 2023 will have an expiry of 12 months, anything prior to this will be 24 months. For any physical gift cards, please refer to the T&C's on the back of the product'
PURCHASING A STORE GIFT CARD
You can purchase a store gift card at selected stores in the UK only. 
Store gift cards may be purchased and activated, for a minimum value of £15, and a maximum value of £100. Store gift cards are only available in GBP, and will be activated at the time of purchase. 
Payment for store gift cards will be taken by the selected store from which it is purchased (or by the third party used by the selected store to process the payment).. 
E-GIFT CARD DELIVERY
Once your e-gift card order has been approved by us and your payment to us has cleared for the full purchase value of your e-gift card, your e-gift card will be delivered to the email address you nominate for delivery when completing your order. The email address you nominate for delivery should be yours or the person you have nominated to receive and use your e-gift card. 
Your e-gift card will not be delivered until your payment to us has cleared for the full purchase value of your e-gift card. 
Provided your payment has cleared, your e-gift card will be delivered to your nominated email address on the specific date you nominate for delivery when placing your order. The specific delivery date you nominate for delivery when placing your order must be within 2 months of the date of your order. If your payment has not cleared by the specific date you nominate for delivery, your e-gift card will be delivered after your payment has cleared. 
If you do not nominate a specific date for delivery when placing your order, your e-gift card will be delivered to your nominated email address on the date of your order, provided your payment has cleared. If your payment has not cleared on the date of your order, your e-gift card will be delivered after your payment has cleared. 
Boohoo do not accept responsibility for any losses resulting from any e-gift card being delivered to an incorrect email address due to errors made by you within your order. You must therefore take extra care when entering details in your order. 
REDEEMING A GIFT CARD
Your Gift Card can only be used to make purchases online at boohoo.com in the UK. Any purchases made using any amount on your Gift Card by you or any other person will also be subject to our website Terms and Conditions, Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The amount on your Gift Card cannot be used to purchase items from any of boohoo's affiliate brands, including boohooman, prettylittlething, nastygal, misspap, karenmillen, coastfashion, warehouse or oasis. Unless they are offered for Sale by a Concessionaire Brand on boohoo.com.
To use any amount on your Gift Card, the user will be required to enter the 8-digit PIN which can be found, in relation to e-gift cards, on the delivery email which is sent to you (or the person you have nominated to receive and use your e-gift card), or, in relation to store gift cards, on the back of the physical card. Up to five Gift Cards can be used in any one transaction. 
If the entire amount on your Gift Card has not been spent, the remaining balance will be updated after every transaction and will remain on your Gift Card to use until expiry. 
The amount on your Gift Card can be used towards the purchase amount of items that are priced higher than the balance of your Gift Card, provided that you or the user making the transaction also pay the difference for such items using one of our prescribed payment methods. 
EXPIRY
The day of activation is the date on which either: the e-gift card is actually delivered to your nominated email address, or you purchase the store gift card and it is activated by the selected store from which it is purchased, as applicable. 
Any digital GBP eGifts activated after 1st March 2023 will have an expiry of 12 months, anything prior to this will be 24 months. For any physical gift cards, please refer to the T&C's on the back of the product'
Your Gift Card cannot be redeemed or used once it has expired. 
CHECK BALANCE
Your e-gift card balance can be checked online here
RETURNING ITEMS PURCHASED WITH AN E-GIFT CARD
If you or the person you have nominated to receive and use your Gift Card have purchased items with a Gift Card, but then subsequently return the items and are entitled to a refund for them in accordance with our general website Terms and Conditions, any money owing by us for the refund will be added to the remaining balance on the Gift Card first, with any remainder refunded to the other prescribed payment method used you used to pay. 
CORRUPTED, DELETED, LOST, STOLEN, DESTROYED, DAMAGED OR USED GIFT CARDS
Boohoo shall not be responsible if a Gift Card is corrupted, deleted, lost, stolen, destroyed or damaged or used (as applicable) without permission. We reserve the right to refuse to accept a Gift Card which we deem to have been duplicated, tampered with, damaged or otherwise suspect has been affected by fraud. 
We cannot be held responsible for e-gift cards that cannot be delivered due to the recipient's spam filters, firewalls, capacity of the mailbox, and any other factors outside our control.
Boohoo is unable to replace Gift Cards if lost, stolen, destroyed or damaged. 
CANCELLATION OF YOUR E-GIFT CARD
This section is not applicable to a store gift card.
You have the right to cancel your e-gift card within 14 days of your order being placed at your nominated email address for delivery provided that you give Boohoo formal written notice of your intention to cancel by contacting our customer services team at: groupcomplaints@boohoo.com, and provided that you have not used the funds on your e-gift card. If you decide to exercise your cancellation right, Boohoo will refund the amount of your e-gift card to the original payment method used to purchase the e-gift card within 30 days of our customer services team receiving your written notice of cancellation. 
CANCELLATION OF YOUR STORE GIFT CARD
Unless the applicable store's purchasing terms specifically allow for cancellation, a gift card purchased in store cannot be cancelled once purchased except in accordance with your statutory legal rights.
GENERAL
Gift Cards and their balance cannot be returned or refunded, in whole or in part, except in accordance with your statutory legal rights. Gift Cards and their balance cannot be resold, exchanged for cash or transferred for any value by you or anyone else other than for purchasing items from boohoo.com in the UK only. No cash change will be given on purchases made using a Gift Card.
We reserve the right to cancel any order for your e-gift card and refund any monies you have paid to us if we discover any pricing or other errors in relation to the order prior to the time of dispatch. We will contact you in these circumstances and will give you the opportunity to place a new order. Your refund will be processed within 5 working days. 
We reserve the right to cancel any order made using any balance on your Gift Card and will refund any monies redeemed and paid to us from your Gift Card back to a new e-eift Card if we discover any pricing or other errors in relation to the order prior to the time of dispatch. We will contact you in these circumstances and will give you the opportunity to place a new order using a new e-gift card. Your refund will be processed within 5 working days.
We reserve the right to terminate your order for your e-gift card, if we believe you have breached any of these Terms and Conditions or if we suspect fraudulent activity. We also reserve the right to terminate any order made using any balance on your Gift Card, if we believe you (or the person placing the order) have breached any of these Terms and Conditions or if we suspect fraudulent activity. If we terminate your order we will refund the sums you have paid to us within 5 working days, less any costs directly incurred by us as a consequence of your breach of these Terms and Conditions.
We reserve the right to change or add to these Terms and Conditions for security, legal or regulatory requirements. We will give you at least one month's notice of any such changes or additions.
If you require further information about our Terms and Condition, or your use of your Gift Card, please contact a member of our customer services team at: groupcomplaints@boohoo.com
The promoter of Boohoo boohoo Premier Monthly Competition ("Prize Draw") is Boohoo.com UK Limited of 49/51 Dale Street, Manchester M1 2HF ("Promoter").
Eligibility
This Prize Draw is open to individuals in the UK aged over 18 years or over, except for employees of the Promoter, their immediate family, sponsors of the Prize Draw and their employees who are directly associated with the administration of the Prize Draw.
Individuals who are under the age of 18 must have the consent of a parent or guardian over 18 to enter the Prize Draw. The Promoter reserves the right to obtain proof of such consent and to refuse entry or to choose another winner if such proof, where requested, has not been given.
All Entries by the entrant must be submitted via signing up to the boohoo mailing list.
The Competition
2.1. The title of the competition is boohoo Premier Monthly Competition. 
How to enter. To enter the Prize Draw entrants must. Sign up to the boohoo mailing list via the competition data entry page. ("Entry" or "Entries").
How to enter.. 3.2. 3.2. Entries must be made between 18:00 on 20th August 2024 and 23:59 on 27th August 2024 ("Prize Draw Period") to be valid.
How to enter. Entries received after the end of the Prize Draw Period will not be valid.
1. No bulk, third party, or automated entries are permitted.
All entrants (including the winners) must comply with any reasonable directions given to him or her by the Promoter in connection with the Prize Draw. Failure to comply with such directions may result in an invalid Entry and withdrawal of the Prize.
Winner selection and contact 
The winner of the Prize Draw will receive their prize to the email address they used to sign up on the before 23:59 on the 3rd September 2024.
The winner will be selected by random selection via email. The decision of the Promotor shall be final. No correspondence will be entered into in respect of any decision made in connection with this Prize Draw. 
If any Winner fails to provide their Details to the Promoter within 48 hours of the Promoter contacting the winner and asking them to provide the Details in accordance with clause then the Promoter acting in its absolute discretion may.make further attempts to contact that Winner; and/or
If any Winner fails to provide their Details to the Promoter within 48 hours of the Promoter contacting the winner and asking them to provide the Details in accordance with clause then the Promoter acting in its absolute discretion may.withdraw the Prize from that Winner.
Prize
The Winner shall be awarded a £100 boohoo gift card ("Prize"). The Prize must be redeemed in full within 12 months of being awarded to the Winner. 
The Prize is subject to availability. 
The Prize is non-transferable and non-refundable and the Winners cannot request any alternative prize (cash or otherwise).
Winner publicity
The Promoter reserves the right to publish each Winner's name and Entry on the promoter's official social media accounts, including but not limited to Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, You Tube, Snapchat, Tik Tok or any other media include its app and, on its website, found at website_url_lnk 
By entering the Prize Draw, if you are a Winner you agree to your Entry being published in accordance with clause and to take part in and co-operate fully with all reasonable publicity accompanying or resulting from this Prize Draw without further recompense. 
Entry requirements
Any Entry that is deemed by the Promoter, in its sole discretion, to be unlawful, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, hateful, threatening, discriminatory, offensive or which may otherwise bring the Prize Draw or Promoter into disrepute will be excluded from the Prize Draw and the Promoter reserves the right to take any further action in respect of such Entry that it deems appropriate.
The Promoter will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing the Promoter to disclose the identity of or to locate anyone posting or linking any content to its social media accounts and pages which infringes any third-party rights or is in breach of any of these Terms and Conditions or any applicable law.
Use and display of Entries and copyright
The copyright subsisting in the Entry must belong to the entrant. Entrants will retain copyright in the Entries they submit. Entrants must not have infringed the rights of any other party or breached any laws when submitting their Entries. If an Entry contains reference to or images of a person, the consent of that person (or their parent or guardian if they are under 18) must have been obtained. 
By submitting an Entry. you license and grant the Promoter, its affiliates and sub-licensees an exclusive, royalty free, perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable and sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish and display such content for any purpose in any media including, but not limited to the Promoter's website and app, social media accounts as set out at clause 6.1, marketing materials, press releases, newsletters and promotional material, including an external above the line advertising and marketing, including billboard and transport without further compensation, restriction on use, attribution or liability; 
By submitting an Entry. you waive any moral rights or similar rights in respect of your entry to which you may be entitled (at the time of submission or in the future) under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 as amended time to time or under any similar applicable laws in force from time to time in force anywhere in the world; 
By submitting an Entry. you acknowledge that third parties will have access to and will be able to republish your Entry in accordance with the terms of use of the social media platform through which your Entry is submitted.
Liability
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any Prize that is not redeemed; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any personal property; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any loss of enjoyment or wasted expenditure; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any system failures or malfunctions of any third party websites; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any incomplete, lost, delayed or late Entries; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any failure to fulfil obligations of any third parties involved in this Prize Draw; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any fault, malfunction, damage, loss or disappointment suffered by the participants in the Prize Draw howsoever arising from participating in the Prize Draw; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. communications line failure, regardless of cause, with regard to any equipment, systems, networks, lines, satellites, servers, computers or providers utilised in any aspect of this Prize Draw; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. inaccessibility or unavailability of the internet, or any website (including without limitation any social media web sites) or any combination thereof through dial up, broadband, mobile internet or WAP connections
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any injury or damage to a participant which may be related to or arising from the Prize Draw or the Prize; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. if for any reason the Prize Draw or any website in connection with the Prize Draw is not capable of running as planned for reasons which may include without limitation, infection by computer, virus, tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, technical failures or any other causes which may corrupt or affect the administration security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this promotion; and/or
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any other matter outside of their reasonable control.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions affects your statutory rights. 
To the extent permitted by law, all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute or common law are expressly excluded from these Terms and Conditions. 
The Winners agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Promoter, its group of companies and their officers, employees and agents from and against all liabilities, losses, damages and expenses (including legal and other professional fees) arising out of or in connection with any allegations or claims resulting directly or indirectly from. their Entry into this Prize Draw; and/or
The Winners agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Promoter, its group of companies and their officers, employees and agents from and against all liabilities, losses, damages and expenses (including legal and other professional fees) arising out of or in connection with any allegations or claims resulting directly or indirectly from. their receipt and use of any Prize.
General
The Promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend the Prize Draw or these Terms and Conditions if it has reasonable grounds for doing so. Any changes to the Prize Draw or these Terms and Conditions will be announced by the Promoter through its Instagram accounts.
By entering the Prize Draw you accept these Terms and Conditions as in force at the time you submit your Entry.
Any person who provides their Details to the Promoter in connection with this Prize Draw accepts. these Terms and Conditions; 
Any person who provides their Details to the Promoter in connection with this Prize Draw accepts. the use of their personal data by the Promoter. for the purpose of administration of the Prize Draw (including publishing the names of the Winners and any administration relating to the Prize); 
Any person who provides their Details to the Promoter in connection with this Prize Draw accepts. the use of their personal data by the Promoter. any other purpose for which they have consented.
The use of any personal data by the Promoter shall be in accordance with the Promoter's Privacy Policy which can be found on the Promoter's website at website_url_lnk
Without prejudice to clause 7.1, the Promoter reserves the right to exclude any Entry from the Prize Draw if it deems it to be ineligible or otherwise invalid and the Promoter shall have complete discretion in this respect.
No responsibility can be accepted for lost Entries or incomplete Entries. Proof of Entry is not proof of receipt. 
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions (or part of any provision) is found by any court or other competent authority to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the other provisions shall remain in force. 
If any invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision would be valid, enforceable and legal if some part of it were deleted, the provision shall apply with whatever modification is necessary to give effect to the commercial intention of the Promoter.
10.9. No failure or delay by a party to exercise any right or remedy provided under these Terms and Conditions or by law or any abandonment of any such right or remedy shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.
No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. 
For the names of the Winners or for a copy of these Terms and Conditions please send a stamped addressed envelope together with your written request to boohoo Premier Monthly Competition Boohoo Marketing, 49-51 Dale Street, Manchester, M1 2HF.
The Prize Draw, these Terms and Conditions and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim which may arise out of or in connection with the Prize Draw or these terms. 
BLACK FRIDAY GIFT CARD COMPETITION WITH JIGSAW 
The promoter of Boohoo BLACK FRIDAY GIFT CARD COMPETITION WITH JIGSAW ("Prize Draw") is Boohoo.com UK Limited of 49/51 Dale Street, Manchester M1 2HF ("Promoter").
Eligibility
This Prize Draw is open to individuals in the UK aged over 18 years or over, except for employees of the Promoter, their immediate family, sponsors of the Prize Draw and their employees who are directly associated with the administration of the Prize Draw.
Individuals who are under the age of 18 must have the consent of a parent or guardian over 18 to enter the Prize Draw. The Promoter reserves the right to obtain proof of such consent and to refuse entry or to choose another winner if such proof, where requested, has not been given.
All Entries by the entrant must be submitted by purchasing a digital boohoo gift card worth £10 more or all equivalent currencies
The Competition
The title of the competition is BLACK FRIDAY GIFT CARD COMPETITION WITH JIGSAW. 
How to enter. To enter the Prize Draw entrants must. Purchase a digital boohoo gift card worth £10 or more (or all equivalent currencies ) between 4th of November 2024 to the 25th of November 2024. ("Entry" or "Entries").
How to enter. Entries must be made between 08:00 on 4th November 2024 and 23:59 on 25th November 2024 ("Prize Draw Period") to be valid.
How to enter. Entries received after the end of the Prize Draw Period will not be valid.
How to enter. No bulk, third party, or automated entries are permitted
How to enter. All entrants (including the winners) must comply with any reasonable directions given to him or her by the Promoter in connection with the Prize Draw. Failure to comply with such directions may result in an invalid Entry and withdrawal of the Prize.
Winner selection and contact 
The winners of the Prize Draw will be emailed directly by a member of the boohoo customer service team on 28/11/2024 ("Announcement Date").
The winner will be selected by random selection via electronic means. The decision of the Promotor shall be final. No correspondence will be entered into in respect of any decision made in connection with this Prize Draw
The Promoter will contact the winners personally as soon as practicable after the Announcement Date, using the email address provided when purchasing the gift card.
"Winner"). The Promoter will ask the Winner to provide further details in relation to the Prize (the "Details"). The Winner must provide the Details in order to claim the Prize.
make further attempts to contact that Winner; and/or
2. withdraw the Prize from that Winner.
If the Prize is declined by a Winner or is withdrawn from a Winner by the Promoter, the declining or forfeiting Winner will continue to be subject to the provisions of these Terms and Conditions; and the Promoter may offer the Prize to a new Winner by [random selection in accordance with clause 4.2]. 
Prize
The prizes are 2 £250 boohoo gift cards ("Prize"). 
The Prizes are subject to availability.
The Prize is non-transferable and non-refundable and the winners cannot request any alternative prize (cash or otherwise). There will be two winners announcet. The Prize is subject to Champneys terms and conditions, which can be found here. website_url_lnk
There will be a total of 2 Winner's announced. 
Winner publicity
The Promoter reserves the right to publish each Winner's name on the Promoter's official social media accounts, including but not limited to Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Snapchat, TikTok or any other media include its app and, on its website, found at website_url_lnk
By entering the Prize Draw, if you are a Winner you agree to your Entry being published in accordance with clause and to take part in and co-operate fully with all reasonable publicity accompanying or resulting from this Prize Draw without further recompense. 
Entry requirements
Any Entry that is deemed by the Promoter, in its sole discretion, to be unlawful, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, hateful, threatening, discriminatory, offensive or which may otherwise bring the Prize Draw or Promoter into disrepute will be excluded from the Prize Draw and the Promoter reserves the right to take any further action in respect of such Entry that it deems appropriate.
The Promoter will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing the Promoter to disclose the identity of or to locate anyone posting or linking any content to its social media accounts and pages which infringes any third-party rights or is in breach of any of these Terms and Conditions or any applicable law.
Use and display of Entries and copyright
The copyright subsisting in the Entry must belong to the entrant. Entrants will retain copyright in the Entries they submit. Entrants must not have infringed the rights of any other party or breached any laws when submitting their Entries. If an Entry contains reference to or images of a person, the consent of that person (or their parent or guardian if they are under 18) must have been obtained. 
By submitting an Entry. you licence and grant the Promoter, its affiliates and sub-licensees an exclusive, royalty free, perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable and sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish and display such content for any purpose in any media including, but not limited to the Promoter's website and app, social media accounts as set out at clause 7.1, marketing materials, press releases, newsletters and promotional material, including an external above the line advertising and marketing, including billboard and transport without further compensation, restriction on use, attribution or liability; 
By submitting an Entry. you waive any moral rights or similar rights in respect of your entry to which you may be entitled (at the time of submission or in the future) under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 as amended time to time or under any similar applicable laws in force from time to time in force anywhere in the world; 
By submitting an Entry. you acknowledge that third parties will have access to and will be able to republish your Entry in accordance with the terms of use of the social media platform through which your Entry is submitted.
Liability
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter, Clearpay or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter or Clearpay, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any Prize that is not redeemed; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter, Clearpay or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter or Clearpay, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any personal property; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter, Clearpay or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter or Clearpay, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any loss of enjoyment or wasted expenditure; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter, Clearpay or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter or Clearpay, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any system failures or malfunctions of any third party websites; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter, Clearpay or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter or Clearpay, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any incomplete, lost, delayed or late Entries; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter, Clearpay or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter or Clearpay, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any failure to fulfil obligations of any third parties involved in this Prize Draw; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter, Clearpay or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter or Clearpay, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any fault, malfunction, damage, loss or disappointment suffered by the participants in the Prize Draw howsoever arising from participating in the Prize Draw; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter, Clearpay or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter or Clearpay, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. communications line failure, regardless of cause, with regard to any equipment, systems, networks, lines, satellites, servers, computers or providers utilised in any aspect of this Prize Draw; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter, Clearpay or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter or Clearpay, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. inaccessibility or unavailability of the internet, or any website (including without limitation any social media web sites) or any combination thereof through dial up, broadband, mobile internet or WAP connections
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter, Clearpay or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter or Clearpay, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any injury or damage to a participant which may be related to or arising from the Prize Draw or the Prize; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter, Clearpay or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter or Clearpay, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. if for any reason the Prize Draw or any website in connection with the Prize Draw is not capable of running as planned for reasons which may include without limitation, infection by computer, virus, tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, technical failures or any other causes which may corrupt or affect the administration security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this promotion; and/or
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter, Clearpay or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter or Clearpay, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any other matter outside of their reasonable control.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions affects your statutory rights. 
To the extent permitted by law, all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute or common law are expressly excluded from these Terms and Conditions. 
The Winners agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Promoter, its group of companies and their officers, employees and agents from and against all liabilities, losses, damages and expenses (including legal and other professional fees) arising out of or in connection with any allegations or claims resulting directly or indirectly from. their Entry into this Prize Draw; and/or
The Winners agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Promoter, its group of companies and their officers, employees and agents from and against all liabilities, losses, damages and expenses (including legal and other professional fees) arising out of or in connection with any allegations or claims resulting directly or indirectly from. their receipt and use of any Prize.
General
The Promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend the Prize Draw or these Terms and Conditions if it has reasonable grounds for doing so. Any changes to the Prize Draw or these Terms and Conditions will be announced by the Promoter through its Instagram accounts. 
By entering the Prize Draw you accept these Terms and Conditions as in force at the time you submit your Entry. 
Any person who provides their Details to the Promoter in connection with this Prize Draw accepts. these Terms and Conditions; 
Any person who provides their Details to the Promoter in connection with this Prize Draw accepts. the use of their personal data by the Promoter. for the purpose of administration of the Prize Draw (including publishing the names of the Winners and any administration relating to the Prize); 
Any person who provides their Details to the Promoter in connection with this Prize Draw accepts. the use of their personal data by the Promoter. any other purpose for which they have consented.
The use of any personal data by the Promoter shall be in accordance with the Promoter's Privacy Policy which can be found on the Promoter's website at website_url_lnk
Without prejudice to clause 7.1, the Promoter reserves the right to exclude any Entry from the Prize Draw if it deems it to be ineligible or otherwise invalid and the Promoter shall have complete discretion in this respect. 
No responsibility can be accepted for lost Entries or incomplete Entries. Proof of Entry is not proof of receipt. 
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions (or part of any provision) is found by any court or other competent authority to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the other provisions shall remain in force. 
If any invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision would be valid, enforceable and legal if some part of it were deleted, the provision shall apply with whatever modification is necessary to give effect to the commercial intention of the Promoter. 
No failure or delay by a party to exercise any right or remedy provided under these Terms and Conditions or by law or any abandonment of any such right or remedy shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. 
No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. 
For the names of the Winners or for a copy of these Terms and Conditions please send a stamped addressed envelope together with your written request to boohoo Spa Weekend Giveaway- Boohoo Marketing, 49-51 Dale Street, Manchester, M1 2HF
The Prize Draw, these Terms and Conditions and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim which may arise out of or in connection with the Prize Draw or these terms. 
Terms and Conditions relating to the 'Silver Tickets' Campaign 
The promoter of Boohoo Silver Tickets Campaign ("Campaign") is Boohoo.com UK Limited of 49/51 Dale Street, Manchester M1 2HF ("Promoter").
Eligibility
This Campaign is freely open to individuals Worldwide aged over 18 years or over, except for employees of the Promoter, their immediate family, sponsors of the Campaign and their employees who are directly associated with the administration of the Campaign ("Customers").
Customers who are under the age of 18 must have the consent of a parent or guardian over 18 to enter the Campaign. The Promoter reserves the right to obtain proof of such consent.
All orders must be made by individuals online via the Promoter's website website_url_lnk ("Qualifying Order").
The Campaign
The title of the Campaign is "Silver Ticket".
How to participate in the Campaign
Customers that purchase a Qualifying Order on or after 1 November 2024 may be sent a Ticket with their order.
Should any Customer wish to redeem a Prize, they will need to follow the instructions set out on the Ticket to use the winning code online with their next purchase (or contact the Promoter as may be set out for certain Prizes) within the Campaign Period. 
PLEASE NOTE THAT PRIZES MAY NOT BE CLAIMED AGAINST SELECTED LINES.
All Customers must comply with any reasonable directions given to him or her by the Promoter in connection with the Campaign. Failure to comply with such directions may result in an invalid Ticket and withdrawal of the Prize.
Tickets 
There are only 500,000 silver tickets in the Campaign ("Tickets"), which may be sent to Customers as a gift with Qualifying Purchases. 
Tickets will expire at midnight on 1 February 2025 ("Campaign Period"). 
The Promoter will not contact Customers to notify them of the Prize.
The Promoter may request further details from the Customer to claim the Prize ("Details"). The Customer must provide the Details by email to customercompetitions@boohoo.com in order to claim the Prize (or as otherwise directed by the Promoter). 
If any Customer fails to provide their Details to the Promoter within the Campaign Period, then the Promoter acting in its absolute discretion may. make further attempts to contact that Customer; and/or
If any Customer fails to provide their Details to the Promoter within the Campaign Period, then the Promoter acting in its absolute discretion may. withdraw the Prize from that Customer.
Prizes
The prizes are as follows (each a "Prize" and together the "Prizes"). Top prize $1,000 boohoo dollars (and lifetime subscription to premier if you are a Customer based in UK/IE/FR as applicable); 
The prizes are as follows (each a "Prize" and together the "Prizes"). 20 x $100 boohoo dollars; 
The prizes are as follows (each a "Prize" and together the "Prizes"). 5 x Extra 50% off next order (subject to £/$/€250 max spend); 
The prizes are as follows (each a "Prize" and together the "Prizes"). 5,000 x Extra 20% off next order (subject to £/$/€250 max spend); 
The prizes are as follows (each a "Prize" and together the "Prizes"). 50,000 x Extra 15% off next order; 
The prizes are as follows (each a "Prize" and together the "Prizes"). 444,974 x Extra 10% off your next order.
IF A CUSTOMER GOES OVER THE MAX SPEND (£250/$250/€250) FOR ANY RELEVANT PRIZE SET OUT ABOVE ON THEIR NEXT PURCHASE AND/OR MISUSES THE TICKETS, THE PROMOTER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CANCEL THE TICKET AND WITHDRAW THE PRIZE.
The Prizes are non-transferable, non-refundable and Customers cannot request any alternative prize (cash or otherwise).
PRIZES CAN ONLY BE CLAIMED DURING THE CAMPAIGN PERIOD, EXCLUDING 29TH NOVEMBER 2024 TO 2ND DECEMBER 2024. A customer will be unable to redeem a Prize against a purchase during this limited period. 
Boohoo dollars will correspond to the Customer's local currency. 
Liability
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any Prize that is not redeemed; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any personal property; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any loss of enjoyment or wasted expenditure; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any system failures or malfunctions of any third party websites; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any lost Tickets; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. communications line failure, regardless of cause, with regard to any equipment, systems, networks, lines, satellites, servers, computers or providers utilised in any aspect of this Campaign; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. inaccessibility or unavailability of the internet, or any website (including without limitation any social media web sites) or any combination thereof through dial up, broadband, mobile internet or WAP connections; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any injury or damage to a participant which may be related to or arising from the Campaign or the Prize; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. if for any reason the Campaign or any website in connection with the Campaign is not capable of running as planned for reasons which may include without limitation, infection by computer, virus, tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, technical failures or any other causes which may corrupt or affect the administration security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this promotion; and/or
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any other matter outside of their reasonable control.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions affects your statutory rights. 
General
The Promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend the Campaign or these Terms and Conditions if it has reasonable grounds for doing so. Any changes to the Campaign or these Terms and Conditions will be announced by the Promoter through its Instagram accounts. 
Any Customer who wishes to claim a Prize in connection with this Campaign accepts. these Terms and Conditions; 
Any Customer who wishes to claim a Prize in connection with this Campaign accepts. the use of their personal data by the Promoter. for the purpose of administration of the Campaign; 
Any Customer who wishes to claim a Prize in connection with this Campaign accepts. the use of their personal data by the Promoter. any other purpose for which they have consented.
The use of any personal data by the Promoter shall be in accordance with the Promoter's Privacy Policy which can be found on the Promoter's website at website_url_lnk
Without prejudice to clause 7.1, the Promoter reserves the right to exclude any Customer from the Campaign, and the Promoter shall have complete discretion in this respect.
No responsibility can be accepted for lost Tickets. 
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions (or part of any provision) is found by any court or other competent authority to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the other provisions shall remain in force.
If any invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision would be valid, enforceable and legal if some part of it were deleted, the provision shall apply with whatever modification is necessary to give effect to the commercial intention of the Promoter.
No failure or delay by a party to exercise any right or remedy provided under these Terms and Conditions or by law or any abandonment of any such right or remedy shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.
No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.
The Campaign, these Terms and Conditions and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim which may arise out of or in connection with the Campaign or these terms. 
Terms and Conditions relating to boohoo Cyber Waitlist Giveaway 
The promoter of Boohoo boohoo Cyber Waitlist Giveaway ("Prize Draw") is Boohoo.com UK Limited of 49/51 Dale Street, Manchester M1 2HF ("Promoter").
The promoter of Boohoo boohoo Cyber Waitlist Giveaway ("Prize Draw") is Boohoo.com UK Limited of 49/51 Dale Street, Manchester M1 2HF ("Promoter").
Eligibility
This Prize Draw is open to individuals in the UK and internationally (United Kingdom, Ireland, USA, France, The Netherlands, Sweden, and Australia) for people aged over 18 years or over, except for employees of the Promoter, their immediate family, sponsors of the Prize Draw and their employees who are directly associated with the administration of the Prize Draw.
Individuals who are under the age of 18 must have the consent of a parent or guardian over 18 to enter the Prize Draw. The Promoter reserves the right to obtain proof of such consent and to refuse entry or to choose another winner if such proof, where requested, has not been given.
All Entries by the entrant must be submitted via signing up to the boohoo mailing list.
The Competition
The title of the competition is boohoo Cyber Waitlist Giveaway
How to enter
To enter the Prize Draw entrants must. Sign up to the boohoo mailing list via the competition data entry page at website_url_lnk ("Entry" or "Entries").
Entries must be made between 18:00 on the 6th November 2024 and 23:59 on 24th November 2024 ("Prize Draw Period") to be valid.
Entries received after the end of the Prize Draw Period will not be valid.
All entrants (including the winners) must comply with any reasonable directions given to him or her by the Promoter in connection with the Prize Draw. Failure to comply with such directions may result in an invalid Entry and withdrawal of the Prize.
Winner selection and contact
The winner of the Prize Draw will receive their prize to the email address they used to sign up on the before 23:59 on the 6th December 2024.
The winner will be selected by random selection via email. The decision of the Promotor shall be final. No correspondence will be entered into in respect of any decision made in connection with this Prize Draw.
If any Winner fails to provide their Details to the Promoter within 48 hours of the Promoter contacting the winner and asking them to provide the Details in accordance with clause then the Promoter acting in its absolute discretion may. make further attempts to contact that Winner; and/or
If any Winner fails to provide their Details to the Promoter within 48 hours of the Promoter contacting the winner and asking them to provide the Details in accordance with clause then the Promoter acting in its absolute discretion may. withdraw the Prize from that Winner.
Prize
A Winner will be awarded a 5-night NYC Shopping Trip, including flights, up to the value of £18,000 GBP (or the equivalent amount in another currency); and
a Louis Vuitton designer luggage set
a cash prize of $3,000 (or the equivalent amount in another currency); (collectively the "Prize")
The Prize must be redeemed in full within 12 months of being awarded to the Winner.
The Prize is subject to availability.
The Prize is non-transferable and non-refundable, and the winners cannot request any alternative prize (cash or otherwise). There will be one winner announced.
Winner publicity
The Promoter reserves the right to publish each Winner's name and Entry on the promoter's official social media accounts, including but not limited to Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, You Tube, Snapchat, Tik Tok or any other media include its app and, on its website, found at website_url_lnk
By entering the Prize Draw, if you are a Winner you agree to your Entry being published in accordance with clause and to take part in and co-operate fully with all reasonable publicity accompanying or resulting from this Prize Draw without further recompense.
Entry requirements
Any Entry that is deemed by the Promoter, in its sole discretion, to be unlawful, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, hateful, threatening, discriminatory, offensive or which may otherwise bring the Prize Draw or Promoter into disrepute will be excluded from the Prize Draw and the Promoter reserves the right to take any further action in respect of such Entry that it deems appropriate.
The Promoter will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing the Promoter to disclose the identity of or to locate anyone posting or linking any content to its social media accounts and pages which infringes any third-party rights or is in breach of any of these Terms and Conditions or any applicable law.
Use and display of Entries and copyright
The copyright subsisting in the Entry must belong to the entrant. Entrants will retain copyright in the Entries they submit. Entrants must not have infringed the rights of any other party or breached any laws when submitting their Entries. If an Entry contains reference to or images of a person, the consent of that person (or their parent or guardian if they are under 18) must have been obtained.
By submitting an Entry. you license and grant the Promoter, its affiliates and sub-licensees an exclusive, royalty free, perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable and sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish and display such content for any purpose in any media including, but not limited to the Promoter's website and app, social media accounts as set out at clause 6.1, marketing materials, press releases, newsletters and promotional material, including an external above the line advertising and marketing, including billboard and transport without further compensation, restriction on use, attribution or liability; 
By submitting an Entry. you waive any moral rights or similar rights in respect of your entry to which you may be entitled (at the time of submission or in the future) under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 as amended time to time or under any similar applicable laws in force from time to time in force anywhere in the world; 
By submitting an Entry. you acknowledge that third parties will have access to and will be able to republish your Entry in accordance with the terms of use of the social media platform through which your Entry is submitted.
Liability
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any Prize that is not redeemed; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any personal property; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any loss of enjoyment or wasted expenditure; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any system failures or malfunctions of any third party websites; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any incomplete, lost, delayed or late Entries; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any failure to fulfil obligations of any third parties involved in this Prize Draw; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any fault, malfunction, damage, loss or disappointment suffered by the participants in the Prize Draw howsoever arising from participating in the Prize Draw; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. communications line failure, regardless of cause, with regard to any equipment, systems, networks, lines, satellites, servers, computers or providers utilized in any aspect of this Prize Draw; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. inaccessibility or unavailability of the internet, or any website (including without limitation any social media web sites) or any combination thereof through dial up, broadband, mobile internet or WAP connections; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any injury or damage to a participant which may be related to or arising from the Prize Draw or the Prize; 
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. if for any reason the Prize Draw or any website in connection with the Prize Draw is not capable of running as planned for reasons which may include without limitation, infection by computer, virus, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes which may corrupt or affect the administration security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this promotion; and/or
Except for death or personal injury caused by negligence of the Promoter or its agents or representatives or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, neither the Promoter, nor its agents or representatives assume responsibility for. any other matter outside of their reasonable control.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions affects your statutory rights.
To the extent permitted by law, all conditions, warranties, and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute or common law are expressly excluded from these Terms and Conditions.
The Winners agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Promoter, its group of companies and their officers, employees, and agents from and against all liabilities, losses, damages and expenses (including legal and other professional fees) arising out of or in connection with any allegations or claims resulting directly or indirectly from. their Entry into this Prize Draw; and/or
The Winners agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Promoter, its group of companies and their officers, employees, and agents from and against all liabilities, losses, damages and expenses (including legal and other professional fees) arising out of or in connection with any allegations or claims resulting directly or indirectly from. their receipt and use of any Prize.
General
The Promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend the Prize Draw or these Terms and Conditions if it has reasonable grounds for doing so. Any changes to the Prize Draw or these Terms and Conditions will be announced by the Promoter through its Instagram accounts.
By entering the Prize Draw you accept these Terms and Conditions as in force at the time you submit your Entry.
Any person who provides their Details to the Promoter in connection with this Prize Draw accepts. these Terms and Conditions; 
Any person who provides their Details to the Promoter in connection with this Prize Draw accepts. the use of their personal data by the Promoter. for the purpose of administration of the Prize Draw (including publishing the names of the Winners and any administration relating to the Prize); 
Any person who provides their Details to the Promoter in connection with this Prize Draw accepts. the use of their personal data by the Promoter. any other purpose for which they have consented.
The use of any personal data by the Promoter shall be in accordance with the Promoter's Privacy Policy which can be found on the Promoter's website at website_url_lnk
Without prejudice to clause 7.1, the Promoter reserves the right to exclude any Entry from the Prize Draw if it deems it to be ineligible or otherwise invalid and the Promoter shall have complete discretion in this respect.
No responsibility can be accepted for lost Entries or incomplete Entries. Proof of Entry is not proof of receipt.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions (or part of any provision) is found by any court or other competent authority to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the other provisions shall remain in force.
If any invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision would be valid, enforceable and legal if some part of it were deleted, the provision shall apply with whatever modification is necessary to give effect to the commercial intention of the Promoter.
No failure or delay by a party to exercise any right or remedy provided under these Terms and Conditions or by law or any abandonment of any such right or remedy shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.
No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.
For the names of the Winners or for a copy of these Terms and Conditions please send a stamped addressed envelope together with your written request to boohoo Cyber Waitlist Giveaway Boohoo Marketing, 49-51 Dale Street, Manchester, M1 2HF.
The Prize Draw, these Terms and Conditions and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim which may arise out of or in connection with the Prize Draw or these terms.
Contents 
INFORMATION ABOUT US 
THE CONTRACT AND CONCESSIONAIRE BRAND 
SERVICE AVAILABILITY 
YOUR STATUS 
HOW THE CONTRACT IS FORMED BETWEEN YOU AND US 
DELIVERY 
INTERNATIONAL DELIVERY 
PRICE AND PAYMENT 
YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL THE CONTRACT 
RETURNS 
YOUR RIGHT FOR A REFUND (UK AND EEA CUSTOMERS ONLY) 
FAULTY PRODUCTS 
FAIR USAGE POLICY 
OUR RIGHTS TO CANCEL THE CONTRACT 
OUR LIABILITY 
EVENTS OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
OTHER IMPORTANT TERMS 
AFTER-SALES SERVICE 
BOOHOO PREMIER, ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION FOR UNLIMITED FREE DELIVERY 
PROMOTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
GIFT CARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
BLACK FRIDAY GIFT CARD COMPETITION WITH JIGSAW 
Terms and Conditions relating to the 'Silver Tickets' Campaign 
Terms and Conditions relating to boohoo Cyber Waitlist Giveaway 
SIGN UP TO PREMIER FOR £5.99! 
You are using an unsupported browser or your browser might be in the Compatibility View mode 
Your cookies are disabled. To experience the full world of Boohoo, please enable these or check whether another program is blocking them. By enabling them, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy