Skip to main content Skip to Support Chat Skip to footer content Skip to Accessibility Statement
EXTENDED CYBER MONDAY DEALS: Save up to 40% on bestsellers. Shop
GIFT WITH PURCHASE: Save $100 off SoundLink Max and get a free Rope Carrying Strap. Buy now
EXCLUSIVE COLOR DROP: Ultra Open Earbuds are now available in Sandstone. Shop
Stress-free shopping. 90-day return policy. Holiday Price Match Promise Learn how
Cancel 
Back
Holiday
New! Cyber Monday Deals 
Gift Guide 
Exclusive Drops 
Gift Sets 
Gift Cards 
Back
Cyber Monday extended
Cyber Monday Deals extended
Hurry and get up to 40% off holiday favorites before the sale ends.
SHOP
Shop
New! Cyber Monday Deals 
New & Exclusive 
Headphones 
Earbuds 
Speakers 
Home Theater 
Portable PA 
Aviation Headsets 
Refurbished 
Gifts 
Accessories 
Sets 
All Products 
Back
All New & Exclusive 
Exclusive Drops 
Diamond Collection 
Lunar Blue Collection 
All Headphones 
Noise Cancelling Headphones 
Spatial Audio Headphones 
Headphone Accessories 
Headphone Sets 
All Earbuds 
In Ear Earbuds 
Open Ear Earbuds 
Noise Cancelling Earbuds 
Earbud Accessories 
Earbuds Sets 
All Speakers 
Bluetooth Speakers 
Home Audio Speakers 
Outdoor Speakers 
Waterproof Speakers 
Party Speakers 
Stereo Speakers 
Amplifiers 
Speaker Accessories 
Speaker Sets 
All Home Theater 
Soundbars 
Subwoofers 
Surround Sound Speakers 
Dolby Atmos Systems 
Home Theater Accessories 
Home Theater Sets 
All Portable PA 
Line Array Systems 
PA Subwoofers 
Mixing Boards 
Portable PA Accessories 
Portable PA Sets 
All Aviation Headsets 
Aviation Headset Accessories 
Gift Guide 
Gift Sets 
Gift Cards 
Exclusive Color Drop
Get it in Sandstone
Extended Cyber Monday Deal
Save $50 off Sandstone Ultra Open Earbuds.
BUY NOW
Explore
Home 
Work 
On the Go 
Fitness 
TV & Movies 
Our 60th 
Collabs 
Turn The Dial 
Bose Stories 
Back
Partners in powerful sound
Partners in powerful sound
From the music studio to the fashion world and beyond, check out who we're teaming up with.
Learn more
Support
Help Center 
My Orders 
My Products 
Contact Us 
Sign in 
My Bose 
Back
Sign In / My Bose 
Track My Order 
Returns & Exchanges 
Troubleshooting 
Register My Product 
Trade In Program 
Repair & Replacement 
Trade in and trade up
Get up to $300 towards our latest innovations when trading in.
Learn more
Sign In/Join my Bose
Wish list
Contact Us
Where Is My Order?
Cyber Monday extended
Cancel 
Bose Privacy Policy
Effective date: October 31, 2024
Introduction The information we collect Cookies and similar technologies Online analytics and advertising How we use your information How we disclose your information Children's privacy Security and retention of your information Loyalty programs / Financial incentives Your rights and choices Additional privacy information for California residents Information for international users Changes to our Privacy Policy Bose contact information 
BACK TO ALL LEGAL
Introduction
We know privacy is important to you. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy to understand the information we collect, how we use it, and the choices available to you.
This Privacy Policy applies to the information we collect about you in the course of our business, including through Bose websites and online forums, products, mobile applications, services, marketing activities, research, retail locations, and other online or offline offerings operated by or on behalf of Bose. We refer to these products, services, and offerings collectively as the "Services."
By using the Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy and that we may process, transfer, and store your information in the United States.
When we use the terms "Bose," "we," or "us" in this Privacy Policy, we're referring to the Bose family of companies, which means Bose Corporation and its affiliated entities under common ownership and control. Your information is controlled by one of these entities. The list of our Data Controllers can be found in our "Bose contact information" section below.
Back to top
The information we collect
The information we collect about you depends on the Services you use, how you use them, and the information you provide to us.
We collect information in three main ways: information you provide directly to us; information we collect automatically through technology when you use the Services; and information we collect from other sources.
Information you provide directly to us
When you use our Services, you may provide certain information to us. For example, we collect information directly from you when you place an order and purchase from us, create or use a Bose account, register your product, post comments, photos, or videos to the Services, participate in Bose surveys or research, or communicate and interact with us.
Some of the most common categories of information we collect directly from you include contact and account information, such as name, address, telephone number, email address, and login credentials, including your My Bose account information.
Financial and transactional information, such as credit card information, gift card information, and purchase and transaction history.
Customer service interaction information, such as messages submitted to us through online forms, chat, or email, and summaries or voice or video recordings of interactions with our customer service personnel.
Information you provide in connection with loyalty programs, surveys, and sweepstakes, such as your interests, preferences, demographic data (e.g., gender), photos and videos, and other information which may be required for participation, and for us to fulfill your prize or participation incentives (if any).
Information we collect automatically through technology when you use the Services
When you use our Services, we may automatically collect certain information. We use a variety of third-party technologies, including cookies and similar tools, to assist in collecting this information. Please refer to our Cookies Notice and "Online Analytics and Advertising" section below for further information.
Some of the information we automatically collect when you use our Services includes information about your access to and use of Bose websites and emails, such as your IP address, browser language, the state or country from which you accessed the Services, software and hardware attributes (including device IDs, operating system, and browser type), referring and exit URLs, the links you click and files you download, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the terms you use in searches on our websites, the date and time you accessed our websites or opened our emails, and other similar information.
Some of the information we automatically collect when you use our Services includes information about your use of Bose products, mobile applications, and other software, including information about your Bose product or software, such as your product's serial number, operating system version, MAC address, software version, battery life, error logs, system updates, and the name you assigned to your product.
Some of the information we automatically collect when you use our Services includes information about your use of Bose products, mobile applications, and other software, including information about the devices and network you connect to your Bose product or software, such as your Internet connection type and service provider, IP address, SSID, wireless connection quality/signal strength, error logs, unique identifiers associated with the computer, tablet, or mobile device used with your Bose product or software, and its device operating system and browser type.
Some of the information we automatically collect when you use our Services includes information about your use of Bose products, mobile applications, and other software, including information about the services and content you access via your Bose product or software, such as media, external sources, and third-party services you connect to your Bose product or software, user IDs service tokens that allow you to access and sync to your third-party accounts, and content accessed via your product or software (e.g., sleep tracks, stations, playlists, artists, albums, songs, or podcasts).
Usage and interaction information, such as date and time spent using different features of your product or software, sensor data (e.g., head orientation and movement), fit information of your wearable product, button presses, volume levels, system presets, and environmental data (e.g., noise levels and audio frequencies of sounds around you).
Location information. In addition to general location information (e.g., city/state) which may be collected or derived from your IP address, some of our mobile applications will request your precise location information via GPS-based functionality to allow certain features to work (e.g. enabling you to locate a lost or stolen product, providing access to local radio stations). We will always ask your permission in accordance with your mobile device settings before we collect or use precise location information, and in accordance with any applicable legal requirements to the extent precise geolocation information is considered "sensitive" information under applicable law.
Information we collect at retail locations, such as information about your mobile device or network when you choose to connect your device to Bose digital displays or scan QR codes in retail locations (e.g., device type, operating system, the name you assigned to your device, IP address).
Information we collect from other sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, such as business partners, marketers, researchers, analysts, social network services, and other parties to help us supplement our records.
If you access our Services through a third-party website, application, or social media platform (such as Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant, or Facebook), we may receive information about you from that third-party site, application, or platform, depending on the third-party's data practices and your settings (for example, your name, username, email address, and comments or content you post). Bose is not responsible for the content or practices of third-party websites, applications, or platforms. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of any third-party websites, applications, or social media platforms you choose to use.
Public forums
Certain features of our Services make it possible for you to post comments, photos, or other content publicly with other users, such as a Bose forum or a social networking site. Any information that you submit through these features is not confidential, and Bose may use it for any purpose (including in testimonials or other marketing materials). For example, if you submit a product review on one of our sites, we may display your review (along with the name you provide, if any) on other Bose websites, and on third-party websites. Any information you post openly in these ways will be available to the public at large and potentially accessible through third-party search engines. Accordingly, please take care when using these features.
De-identified data
We may de-identify information we collect so the information cannot reasonably identify you or your device, or we may collect information that is already in de-identified form. Our use and disclosure of de-identified information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy, and we may use and disclose it to others for any purpose, without limitation.
Back to top
Cookies and similar technologies
We collect information through cookies and other similar technologies, including when you visit our websites and use our applications. Please see our Cookies Notice to learn more.
Back to top
Online analytics and advertising
Online analytics
We may use third-party analytics services on our Services (e.g., Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics). These service providers may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies on our Services and on third-party services to collect information that can be used to track users over time and across services. These analytics services help us understand how users arrive at and use our Services.
If you do not want Google Analytics to collect and use information about your use of our websites, then you can install an opt-out in your web browser. You also may opt-out from Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network by using Google's Ads Settings.
To learn more about Adobe's privacy practices and to make choices regarding their tracking activities, please visit Adobe's website.
Online advertising
Bose strives to provide you with relevant, value-added content in our online advertisements. We work with online analytics and advertising partners to: better understand the use of our Services so that we can improve our Services; and deliver Bose advertisements that are more tailored to you both on our Services and on third-party Services.
Our partners may also place cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on many online services, including ours. They use these technologies to collect information about your activities on these services in order to deliver you more relevant advertising. For example, they may use the information they collect from their cookies on our Services to identify Bose products and services you might be interested in and to recognize your device so they can show you relevant Bose advertisements while you are using our Services and other services. Additionally, we sometimes provide basic information we collect (such as email addresses) to service providers, who may "match" this information in de-identified form to cookies, mobile ad identifiers, and other proprietary IDs, in order to provide you with more relevant ads when you visit other online services.
You can learn about how to opt out of receiving personalized online advertisements from our advertising partners by following the instructions in the "Your rights and choices" section below, and through our Cookies Notice in the "Cookie management" section.
Back to top
How we use your information
Bose may use the information we collect in the following ways: to provide the services you have requested, such as complete a purchase, provide subscriptions, offer customer support, or integrate with streaming services you select.
Bose may use the information we collect in the following ways: to communicate with you, for example, keeping you posted on purchases, shipments, product/software updates, and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
For marketing and advertising purposes, including providing you with the latest product announcements, promotions, and information about upcoming events.
To personalize your experience and customize the Services, such as delivering relevant content, saving preferences, recommending products and features through our Services, and maintaining your product wish lists.
To improve our Services, including bug detection and error reporting, to understand how users interact with our Services and advertisements, improve usability and effectiveness of our products, perform research and analytics, and to test and create new products, features, and services.
For our business operations, including maintaining your account, reviewing complaints and concerns, and for security, fraud prevention, and legal compliance, such as detecting security incidents and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
To recognize a user across multiple touchpoints. Sometimes, we or our service providers may use the information we collect (for example, username, IP address, and unique device identifiers) to try to identify the same unique user across multiple Bose Services, personal devices (such as smartphones, tablets), and browsers (such as Safari and Chrome), to create a single record for the user. This helps us to better understand your needs and preferences, and provide you with a more seamless and personalized experience across these different touchpoints.
Other purposes for which we seek your consent. We may also use your information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. We will ask for your consent to process your information for such purpose in accordance with applicable legal requirements.
The laws in some jurisdictions require companies to tell you about the legal grounds they rely on to process your information. Our legal bases for processing your information as described in this Privacy Policy are as follows where use of your information is necessary to perform our obligations under a contract or commitment to you. For example, to provide the services you've requested from us, or to comply with our website terms of service.
The laws in some jurisdictions require companies to tell you about the legal grounds they rely on to process your information. Our legal bases for processing your information as described in this Privacy Policy are as follows where use of your information furthers our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others. For example, to provide security for our Services, operate our business and our Services, make and receive payments, defend our legal rights, and prevent fraud.
The laws in some jurisdictions require companies to tell you about the legal grounds they rely on to process your information. Our legal bases for processing your information as described in this Privacy Policy are as follows where we use your information to comply with applicable legal obligations. For example, keeping track of purchases for tax and auditing purposes.
The laws in some jurisdictions require companies to tell you about the legal grounds they rely on to process your information. Our legal bases for processing your information as described in this Privacy Policy are as follows where you have consented to our processing of your information for a particular purpose.
For the purposes discussed in this Privacy Policy, we may combine the information that we collect through the Services with information that we receive from other sources, both online and offline, and use such combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Back to top
How we disclose your information
Bose may disclose your information in the following ways: affiliated entities
We may disclose information within the Bose family of companies to deliver the Services, operate our business, and enhance our Services and your customer experience.
Service providers
We use select third-party vendors to help us provide our Services and operate our business, and we may provide access to or disclose your information to these vendors. They provide a variety of services to us, including customer service, payment processing, shipping, sales and marketing, product design and development, data storage, security, fraud prevention, research, and legal services. These service providers are permitted to access and use your information for purposes of performing services for Bose or to comply with applicable legal requirements.
Online advertising partners
As discussed in the Online advertising section above, and as further provided in our Cookies Notice, we may share certain information about you with our online advertising partners to assist in our online advertising and measurement activities.
Connected third-party platforms, websites, applications, and services
When you initiate a connection with a third-party platform, website, application, or service through our Services, we will disclose information about you that is required to enable delivery of the third-party content or service (e.g., your streaming service login credentials or telling Amazon Alexa to play your music). If you choose to initiate these connections, you agree that the third-party's policies and terms, and not Bose's, govern your use of those third-party platforms, websites, applications, and services. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of these third parties.
Protection of Bose and others
We may disclose the information we collect about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: comply with legal process (for example, a subpoena or court order); enforce our terms of service or sale, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations; respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Bose or others.
Business transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we may engage in transactions with other companies regarding the purchase or sale of a business. We may disclose your information as part of, or in contemplation of, such transactions. If a portion or all of Bose's assets are transferred to a third party in connection with such transactions, your information may be among the transferred assets.
Back to top
Children's privacy
Our Services are intended for general audiences and are not directed at children. If we become aware that we have collected data without legally valid parental consent from children under an age where such consent is required, we will take reasonable steps to delete it as soon as possible. 
Back to top
Security and retention of your information
Security of your information
We are committed to protecting your information. We use a variety of technical, physical, and organizational security measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information. However, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. As such, we cannot guarantee the security of your information.
When using a My Bose account, it's important that you select a strong password and do not disclose it to others. Alert us immediately if you have any concerns about unauthorized use of your account.
We regularly monitor our Services for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. If you have any concerns about the security of our Services, please contact us as detailed in the "Bose contact information" section below so they may be addressed and resolved in a timely and effective manner.
Retention of your information
We retain information for different periods of time depending on the purposes for which we collect and use it, as described in this Privacy Policy. We will delete or de-identify information when it is no longer needed to fulfill these purposes unless a longer retention period is required to comply with applicable laws. There may be technical or other operational reasons where we are unable to fully delete or de-identify your information. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to prevent further processing your information.
Back to top
Loyalty programs / Financial incentives
We offer our customers a loyalty program (My Bose) that provides certain perks to members, such as members-only discounts, birthday offers, access to giveaways, events, and product testing and other benefits. Membership is free of charge. We may also provide other special offers and benefits to customers who sign up to receive communications from us or who participate in certain promotional campaigns. When a customer signs up for one of these programs, we typically ask the customer to provide their name, email address, and telephone number. Because we collect personal information, this may be interpreted as a "financial incentive" or "bona fide loyalty program" under applicable law. The value of customer personal information that we collect is reasonably related to the expenses of providing special offers and benefits to participants in the programs (which may vary depending on the specific offer or benefit or the amount purchased by the customer using the special offer). 
You have the right to opt out of these incentives at any time and can do so by visiting "Your rights and choices."
Back to top
Your rights and choices
We provide you with the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your information. Your legal rights to exercise such controls and choices vary based on the laws of your jurisdiction.
You may request the following by completing our online request form or by contacting us as detailed in the "Bose contact information" section below: access to, or a copy of, your information
You may request the following by completing our online request form or by contacting us as detailed in the "Bose contact information" section below: confirmation that we are processing your information
You may request the following by completing our online request form or by contacting us as detailed in the "Bose contact information" section below: correction or amendment of your information
You may request the following by completing our online request form or by contacting us as detailed in the "Bose contact information" section below: deletion of your information
You may request the following by completing our online request form or by contacting us as detailed in the "Bose contact information" section below: transfer of your information to a third party
You may request the following by completing our online request form or by contacting us as detailed in the "Bose contact information" section below: restriction or objection to certain uses of your information
If you have provided consent for us to use your information for a specific purpose, you may also request to withdraw that consent.
Under the laws in certain US jurisdictions, you also have the right to opt out of our processing or sharing of your information for online targeted advertising purposes. Note that certain state laws also allow you to opt out of the "sale" of your information to third parties in exchange for valuable consideration. While we do not sell your information in exchange for money, we may use analytics or online advertising tools that result in the disclosure of your information to our third-party partners and that are subject to this opt out right. You can opt out of both of these activities by visiting "Your privacy choices" or by following the instructions in our Cookie Notice.
We may ask you to provide us with information necessary to reasonably verify your identity before responding to your request. We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period required by applicable law. Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such requests. If we deny your request in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, we will provide you with information regarding the appeals process.
You also have the choice to exercise the following controls regarding your information: limit the information you provide to us. When you interact with us, you can choose to limit the information you provide. However, if you choose to do so, you may not be able to take advantage of many of our Services, and we may not be able to fulfill your requests.
Update or close your My Bose account. You can update your account sign in details and profile information by logging into your My Bose account. To close your account please fill out our online request form or contact us as detailed in the "Bose contact information" section below. Please note, if you choose to delete your account, you will not be able to access any Services where you sign in with that account and you may lose some features of your Bose products and services that are connected to that account.
Adjust your marketing and communication preferences opt out of marketing from Bose by following the instructions located at the bottom of our email marketing messages or, where available, logging into your My Bose account and adjusting your marketing communications preferences. Please note, opting out or unsubscribing will not prevent you from receiving communications about your orders, product/software updates, or other important notices such as changes to our terms and policies, which are not marketing in nature.
Adjust your marketing and communication preferences opt out of My Bose loyalty program / financial incentives by opting out of marketing from Bose by following the instructions located at the bottom of our email marketing messages or, where available, logging into your My Bose account and adjusting your marketing communications preferences.
Adjust your marketing and communication preferences opt out of text (SMS/MMS) messages from Bose by following the instructions included in our messages or, where available, logging into your My Bose account and adjusting your communications preferences.
Adjust your marketing and communication preferences opt out of push notifications from Bose within the settings menu of our mobile applications or your mobile device.
Opt-out of cross-device tracking for advertising purposes by adjusting your preferences in your mobile device's privacy settings. This feature may vary by mobile device; please see your device settings or contact your device manufacturer for more information.
Adjust your analytics preferences adjust your analytics preferences in Bose mobile applications. Some of our mobile applications provide choices about our collection and use of mobile application-related information for analytics purposes. You can adjust these preferences through the settings menu in the application.
Disable analytics cookies managed by our third-party analytics partners by following the instructions in our Cookies Notice under the "Cookie management" section.
Adjust your location collection settings in Bose mobile applications by disabling the location features on your mobile device. This feature may vary by mobile device; please see your device settings or contact your device manufacturer for more information.
Back to top
Additional privacy information for California residents
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") requires us to provide you with additional information regarding your rights with respect to your "personal information" (as defined in the CCPA) and the purpose for which we use each category of "personal information" we collect; and the categories of third parties to which we disclose such personal information for a business purpose, "share" personal information for "cross-context behavioral advertising," and "sell" such personal information. This information is described in our California Privacy Notice of Collection.
Back to top
Information for international users
We operate globally and may transfer, store, and process your information to or with other entities within the Bose family of companies or other third parties such as trusted service providers and partners in locations around the world (including the United States) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Wherever your information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we take reasonable steps to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. These measures may include implementing Standard Contractual Clauses to govern the transfer of your information, or other means recognized by applicable laws. By providing us with your information, you acknowledge any such transfer, storage, or processing.
If you have any concerns or complaints about our data processing activities, we urge you to first try to resolve such issues directly with us. However, if applicable, you may make a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority in the country where you are based, or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Back to top
Changes to our Privacy Policy
From time to time we may change or update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our Services, or advances in technology. You should review the Privacy Policy periodically, and you can know if the Privacy Policy has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the "Effective date" at the beginning of the document. By continuing to use the Services, you are confirming that you have read and understood the latest version of this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to the Policy, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective, in accordance with applicable legal requirements. 
Back to top
Bose contact information
If you wish to contact us or have any questions about or complaints in relation to this Privacy Policy, please email us at privacyandsecurity@bose.com or visit our Contact us page for additional Bose contact information.
Data Protection Officer
You may also contact our Data Protection Officer by using the email address above or by postal mail at the following address: Bose Corporation, The Mountain Road, Framingham, MA 01701.
Data Controllers
A data controller is the subsidiary or affiliated entity of Bose that is primarily responsible for the information collected and used within the scope of this Privacy Policy. The Bose data controller responsible for your information is as follows when you purchase a product or service from a Bose website or through our customer service team, the joint data controllers for the data collected during that transaction are Bose Corporation (located at The Mountain Road, Framingham, MA 01701) and the local Bose entity where you reside.
Place of Residence: Canada 
Data Controller 
Bose Limited 
1133 Melville Street, Suite 3500 
The Stack 
Vancouver, BC 
V6E 4E5 Canada
Place of Residence: United Kingdom 
Data Controller 
Bose Limited 
16 Dufour's Place, 
London, W1F 7SP, United Kingdom
Place of Residence: France 
Data Controller 
Bose SAS 
26-28 Avenue de Winchester 
78100 Saint-Germain-en-Laye 
France
Place of Residence: Germany 
Data Controller 
Bose GmbH 
Wolf Hirth Strasse 9 
Esslingen 
Baden-Württemberg 73730 
Germany
Place of Residence: Australia & New Zealand 
Data Controller 
Bose Pty Limited 
Building B 01' Suite 1 LEVEL 1 
1 Homebush Bay Drive 
Rhodes NSW 2138 
Australia
Place of Residence: Japan 
Data Controller 
Bose GK 
ARK Hills South Tower 13F 
1-4-5 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 
Japan
Place of Residence: South Korea 
Data Controller 
Bose Korea Limited 
317 Nonhyeong-ro (Yeoksam-dong) 
Gangnam-gu, Seoul 
Republic of Korea
Place of Residence: Hong Kong 
Data Controller 
Bose Limited 
Suites 2813-15, Tower Two 
Times Square, 1 Matheson Street 
Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
Place of Residence: Taiwan 
Data Controller 
Bose Limited, Taiwan Branch 9F 
No. 10, Sec. 3, Minsheng Eest Road, Zhongshan District 
Taipei City, Taiwan (R. O. C.) 
For all other data collection activities, including when you visit our website, create a My Bose account, register your products, contact customer support or use your Bose products and mobile applications, Bose Corporation (located at The Mountain Road, Framingham, MA 01701) is the data controller for your information. 
Back to top
Email address
The email address is invalid 
SIGN UP
" data-email-signup-confimation="
Join My Bose
Home 
Privacy Policy 
Notify me when available 
Enter your email address to receive an alert when this product is available.
Please enter a valid email address. 
Being first has its perks
Sign up to receive Bose emails and communications for exclusive benefits, promotions and new product information.
Email address
The email address is invalid 
SIGN UP
Thanks for signing up!
You're now a Bose insider, keep an eye on your inbox.
Join My Bose
We are experiencing issues at this moment. Please try again later.
Customer Care Customer Care
Troubleshooting
Repair & Replacement
Order Tracking
My Bose Sign In / Register
Register Your Product
Contact Us
Our company Our company
About Us
Find a Store
ESG
Careers
Press Room
Stories
Partnerships & Licensing
Offers Offers
Holiday Bonus Card Offer
Gift Cards
ID.me Group Program
Corporate Gifting
Partner & Employee Program 
Certified Refurbished
Trade Up
Additional Links Additional Links
Automotive
Reseller Portal
United States. English 
Bose app Bose Connect App
United States. English 
Bose Corporation 2024 Sitemap Legal Privacy Policy Accessibility CA Notice of Collection Your privacy choices Cookies Notice Terms of Sale Terms of Use CA Supply Chains Act 