Skip to main content Skip to Support Chat Skip to footer content Skip to Accessibility Statement
Early Black Friday Deals: Save up to 40% off bestsellers. Shop
Exclusive Color Drop: Save $50 on Ultra Open Earbuds in new Sunset Iridescent. Shop
Students score a special discount with ID. Me at checkout from 11/22-11/24. Learn how
Get gift inspiration with our Holiday Gift Guide. Shop
Cancel 
Back
Holiday
Black Friday Deals 
Gift Guide 
Exclusive Drops 
Gift Sets 
Gift Cards 
Back
Early Black Friday Deals
Early Black Friday Deals
Don't wait! Own the gift game with up to 40% off bestsellers.
Shop
Shop
Black Friday Deals 
New & Exclusive 
Headphones 
Earbuds 
Speakers 
Home Theater 
Portable PA 
Aviation Headsets 
Refurbished 
Gifts 
Accessories 
Sets 
All Products 
Back
All New & Exclusive 
Exclusive Drops 
Diamond Collection 
Lunar Blue Collection 
All Headphones 
Noise Cancelling Headphones 
Spatial Audio Headphones 
Headphone Accessories 
Headphone Sets 
All Earbuds 
In Ear Earbuds 
Open Ear Earbuds 
Noise Cancelling Earbuds 
Earbud Accessories 
Earbuds Sets 
All Speakers 
Bluetooth Speakers 
Home Audio Speakers 
Outdoor Speakers 
Waterproof Speakers 
Party Speakers 
Stereo Speakers 
Amplifiers 
Speaker Accessories 
Speaker Sets 
All Home Theater 
Soundbars 
Subwoofers 
Surround Sound Speakers 
Dolby Atmos Systems 
Home Theater Accessories 
Home Theater Sets 
All Portable PA 
Line Array Systems 
PA Subwoofers 
Mixing Boards 
Portable PA Accessories 
Portable PA Sets 
All Aviation Headsets 
Aviation Headset Accessories 
Gift Guide 
Gift Sets 
Gift Cards 
Exclusive Color Drop
Now in Sunset Iridescent 
Exclusive Color Drop
Hear all the joy
Save $50 off Ultra Open Earbuds now in Sunset Iridescent. 
BUY NOW
Explore
Home 
Work 
On the Go 
Fitness 
TV & Movies 
Our 60th 
Collabs 
Turn The Dial 
Bose Stories 
Back
Partners in powerful sound
Partners in powerful sound
From the music studio to the fashion world and beyond, check out who we're teaming up with.
Learn more
Support
Help Center 
My Orders 
My Products 
Contact Us 
Sign in 
My Bose 
Back
Sign In / My Bose 
Track My Order 
Returns & Exchanges 
Troubleshooting 
Register My Product 
Trade In Program 
Repair & Replacement 
Trade in and trade up
Get up to $300 towards our latest innovations when trading in.
Learn more
Sign In/Join my Bose
Wish list
Contact Us
Where Is My Order?
Early Black Friday Deals
Cancel 
Bose Terms of Sale
Last modified: February 26, 2024
Products and prices 2. Orders 3. Promotions, voucher codes, special offers 4. Limited edition 5. Resale 6. Payment information 7. Taxes 8. Shipping, risk of loss, and delivery 9. Returns and refunds 10. Warranty 11. Limitation of liability 12. Third-party products and services 13. Software 14. Repair services 15. Counterfeit products 16. Backup data 17. Return Policy 18. Contact us 
BACK TO ALL LEGAL
These Terms of Sale are a legal agreement between you and Bose Corporation, 100 Mountain Road, Framingham, Massachusetts, 01701, United States of America and its affiliated entities (collectively, "Bose," "we," "us," and "our"). These Terms of Sale apply to all purchases of Bose products ("Products") and services ("Services") you make through the Bose websites, including Bose.com (the "Website"), or over the phone/chat/text with the Bose Support team. Based on your territory and the delivery territory of the Products or Services, a different version of these Terms of Sale may apply. If this is the case, such different version will be presented to you at the point of purchase.
In addition, the purchase and use of Products and Services are also subject to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. By placing an order, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Sale, the Terms of Use, and our Privacy Policy.
Products and prices
Some of the Products and Services featured on the Website are displayed for promotional purposes only and may not be available for purchase through the Website. All Products offered for purchase on the Website are subject to availability and we reserve the right to impose quantity limits. Prices are subject to change without notice. Prices do not include applicable Taxes (defined below), shipping and handling charges, or other fees, unless we clearly state otherwise or are required by law to display prices inclusive of any Taxes, charges, and other fees.
We attempt to be as accurate as possible and to eliminate errors on our Website; however, we do not represent or warrant that the descriptions, pricing, or other Product- or Service-related information is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. In the event of an error, we reserve the right to correct such error and revise your order accordingly (which includes charging the correct price) or to cancel the order and refund any amount charged.
Orders
Our presentation of Products and Services shall not be considered a binding offer, but rather an invitation to place an order. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to cancel or refuse any order for any reason at any stage of the process prior to delivery, including after an order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed. Unless otherwise agreed to by Bose, payment must be received by Bose prior to acceptance of an order. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bose may in its discretion choose not to charge your credit card until your order has been shipped. Bose may process payment for and ship parts of an order separately.
Promotions, voucher codes, special offers
All promotional offers, voucher codes, exclusive offers and special offers ("Offers") are subject to the terms and conditions of the associated Offer and may not be combined or used in conjunction with other Offers unless specifically permitted. Only one Offer may be used per order and such Offer is applicable to in-stock items only, unless otherwise agreed to by Bose. Bose reserves the right to decline orders where it determines in its sole discretion the Offer or use thereof is invalid. Purchases using an Offer must comply with the terms to qualify for the Offer and may be subject to additional conditions than those contained in these Terms of Sale as provided to you in connection with the Offer. Offers are not redeemable for cash. 
Limited edition
Bose may occasionally offer variations of a Product in limited quantities ("Limited-edition Products"). Offers may not be applied to the purchase of Limited-edition Products. Limited-edition Products may look and perform differently than their standard counterpart. Replacement of Limited-edition Products is subject to availability and may be replaced with a Product of similar kind, in Bose's sole discretion. 
Resale
Products sold through the Website are not authorized for resale or export. The Website sells and ships Products to end-user customers only, and Bose reserves the right to refuse or cancel your order if we suspect you are purchasing products for resale or export. The resale of or offer to sell a Bose product without the authority of Bose is an infringement of Bose's rights. Your submission of your order shall constitute your full acceptance of these restrictions on resale. Your purchase may not be sold, leased, or transferred to restricted countries; to restricted end users; or for restricted end uses according to applicable export and sanctions laws of the United States.
Payment information
For your convenience, we offer a wide array of payment methods to complete your purchase as indicated to you at the point of sale. By providing a credit card or other payment method that we accept, you represent and warrant that: all payment information is accurate; you are authorized to use the designated payment method; and you permit us (or our third-party payment processor) to charge your payment method for the total amount of your order (including any applicable taxes, shipping charges (If any) and other charges). If the payment method cannot be verified, is invalid, or is otherwise not acceptable, your orders may be suspended or cancelled. Please note that some credit card companies, banks, and financial institutions may place an authorization or temporary hold on your account in connection with your purchase. Please contact your credit card companies, banks, or financial institutions directly to inquire about any such authorization or hold.
Taxes
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you are responsible for any sales, use, value-added, or other governmental taxes, fees, or duties (collectively, "Taxes") due with respect to your purchase and use of Products and Services. Bose collects Taxes if we determine we have a duty to collect Taxes based on the type of Product or Service purchased, date of shipment, and the shipping address.
Shipping, risk of loss, and delivery
You agree to pay any shipping and handling charges shown at the time you place an order. We reserve the right to increase, decrease, add, or eliminate shipping and handling charges from time to time, but we will provide notice of the charges applicable to you before you make your purchase. Any delivery dates or times shown as part of the checkout process are estimates only and are not guaranteed. The number of days quoted for standard and express shipping refers to transit time only, additional time is required to proceed orders (typically 1, 2 business days). Unless we state otherwise, risk of loss or damage to a Product passes to you upon shipment of the Product to your specified delivery location. You have thirty days from the shipment date to notify Bose of any missing, wrong, or damaged portion of your order.
Orders placed on Bose.com can only be shipped to addresses within the United States, US Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico. If you would like to place an order for shipment to another country, please visit Bose Worldwide.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding shipping, please contact us at: Bose Product Support. 
Returns and refunds
For return of Products purchased from the Website, please refer to our Return Policy. Bose does not accept return of products purchased from other retailers.
Warranty
Information on the Bose limited product warranty can be found on our website: Warranty.
Limitation of liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL BOSE OR ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, VENDORS, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHERWISE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE, OR COSTS OF OBTAINING SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES), ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR THE WEBSITE, WHETHER OR NOT BOSE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND WHETHER BASED UPON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, VIOLATION OF STATUTE, OR OTHERWISE. THIS EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. IN ANY EVENT, OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE PRODUCT TO WHICH THE CLAIM RELATES OR, IF THE CLAIM DOES NOT RELATE TO A PRODUCT, $100.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS ARE FUNDAMENTAL AND MATERIAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN BOSE AND YOU AND WILL APPLY EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for damages. Accordingly, some of these limitations may not apply to you. If you are located in New Jersey, United States, the limitations in this Section do apply to you; however, this provision will not apply to claims for damages caused by Bose's intentional, reckless, or grossly negligent conduct.
If you are a California resident, you hereby waive California Civil Code ยง1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." This release includes the criminal acts of others.
Third-party products and services
Bose does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product advertised or offered by a third party through the Website or any website featured or linked to through the Website, and Bose will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services. Bose will not be liable for the offensive or illegal conduct of any third party. You voluntarily assume the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing. The foregoing limitations will apply even if a remedy fails of its essential purpose and to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
Software
Software is subject to the separate software license agreement accompanying or made available to you in connection with the software. With respect to software made available to you by us in connection with your purchase of Products, if no license terms accompany the software, then subject to your compliance with the Terms of Use and these Terms of Sale, we hereby grant you a personal, nonexclusive license to access and use such software solely as necessary for you to enjoy the benefit of the Products. Title to software remains with the applicable licensors.
Repair services
All determinations regarding the eligibility of a Product for repair services (including replacement services) shall be made by Bose and shall be final. Bose shall at all times have discretion to determine if a Product qualifies for repair services. 
In the event the customer requests repair services outside of the applicable Product's Warranty, Bose may charge a fee and collect required Taxes for such Services, and all related shipping costs (packaging, transport, and insurance) shall be borne by you, unless otherwise agreed to by Bose. The fees charged for such Services are calculated based on Bose's best estimate of the work needed to be performed. The fees applicable to the Services will be charged prior to completion of the Services.
Bose will endeavor to complete all repair services in a reasonable time, but any completion deadlines or estimates of which you are notified are non-binding. Bose is not responsible for any damages or costs incurred for any delay in completion of repair Services.
Your repaired Product is covered by the Bose limited product warranty for a period of 1 year after the repair services.
Counterfeit products
Bose reserves the right to inspect all products delivered to them for return, exchange, or service. If Bose determines that the product is not a genuine Bose product (i.e. a counterfeit), you acknowledge and accept that Bose will not (and is not obligated to) complete the return, or exchange, or service the product. In addition, you agree that Bose may elect to either: arrange for the product to be returned to you (at your expense) or permanently retain or destroy the product, in exchange for Bose providing you with a communication confirming that the product is a counterfeit. You may present this communication to the seller of the product or your credit card company for the purposes of seeking reimbursement of the sum you paid for the counterfeit product. You recognize that counterfeit Bose products may be unsafe for use and that Bose has legitimate reasons to exercise its right to retain/destroy any counterfeit product, in order to prevent personal injury or damage to property prevent resale of counterfeit products and protect the Bose brand and reputation. Further information on counterfeit products can be found at Counterfeit products (Bose.com).
Backup data
Before sending your Product to Bose for any reason, including repair or return, you are required to, using your own means: back up any data on the hard drives and on any other storage device in the product; and remove all confidential, proprietary, and personal information. Bose is not responsible for any confidential, proprietary, or personal information; lost or corrupted data; or damaged or lost removable media that may be included with your return.
Return Policy
Bose values its relationship with you and offers you a risk-free trial for most Products purchased directly from Bose. For all purchases not made directly from Bose, please check the return policy of the location from which you purchased your product. 
If you are unsatisfied with your purchase of Products directly from Bose, please follow the steps in this Return Policy for a refund. Final sale products, shipping, and handling charges, gift box and gift wrap fees, and certain taxes paid are not refundable. Bose reserves the right to deny any returns in circumstances involving excessive returns, violation of the Terms of Sale, suspected fraud, or other impermissible activity.
To qualify for a refund, you must: purchase your Product directly from Bose
To qualify for a refund, you must: request a return authorization within the 90-day risk-free trial period.
To qualify for a refund, you must: deliver the Product (including all accessories, cases, and parts included in the original packaging), in good physical condition to Bose within thirty days of receipt of your return authorization number; and
To qualify for a refund, you must: include the return authorization number with your return.
If you do not obtain a return authorization number prior to shipping, Bose reserves the right to deny the return and is not responsible for returning any Product delivered to it. If you choose not to use the Bose pre-paid return shipping label and instead select a carrier of your choosing, you are solely responsible for the Product until Bose confirms receipt of the Product to you and you will bear any risk of loss. Where you choose your own carrier Bose shall have no liability for any lost, stolen, or damaged Product prior to confirmation of receipt by Bose.
After receipt and confirmation of your return, Bose will issue a credit or refund of the purchase price paid for the returned Product, subject to any reductions or exceptions as set forth in this Returns Policy. If you received a discount for purchasing multiple items, a promotional item, or free item, Bose may deduct the value of the discount, promotional item, or free item from any refund or credit you receive if you do not return all items purchased.
If your return fails to meet any of the conditions of this Return Policy, Bose may, in our discretion, refuse to accept it or charge you a restocking fee of up to 15% of the original price.
Final sale products. Products identified as "Final sale" are not eligible for return or exchange, only warranty service. If your Product arrived damaged or you have received the wrong Product please contact us as provided below.
How to return a product. To initiate a return online, please go to Return your order.
Contact us
If you have any questions about these Terms of Sale, please contact us. To contact us, please see our Contact us page.
Get 10% off your first purchase*
Three steps to savings Sign up to receive Bose emails and communications below
Three steps to savings Become a My Bose member
Three steps to savings Receive an email with your 10% coupon
Email address
The email address is invalid 
SIGN UP
The coupon code will be sent via email and can be used for a maximum discount of $100. Other exclusions may apply. Please see email for full terms and conditions of this offer. 
Email sign-up confirmation
You are signed up for Bose marketing communications! 
Next step: become a My Bose member to enjoy all our perks, starting with your 10% gift! 
Join My Bose
If you don't receive the email with your coupon code within 24 hours after creating a My Bose account, please contact support. Enjoy shopping with your exclusive discount on Bose.com!
We are experiencing issues at this moment. Please try again later.
Home 
Terms of Sale 
Customer Care Customer Care
Troubleshooting
Repair & Replacement
Order Tracking
My Bose Sign In / Register
Register Your Product
Contact Us
Our company Our company
About Us
Find a Store
ESG
Careers
Press Room
Stories
Partnerships & Licensing
Offers Offers
Holiday Bonus Card Offer
Gift Cards
ID.me Group Program
Corporate Gifting
Partner & Employee Program 
Certified Refurbished
Trade Up
Additional Links Additional Links
Automotive
Reseller Portal
United States. English 
Bose app Bose Connect App
United States. English 
Bose Corporation 2024 Sitemap Legal Privacy Policy Accessibility CA Notice of Collection Your privacy choices Cookies Notice Terms of Sale Terms of Use CA Supply Chains Act 
Notify me when available 
Enter your email address to receive an alert when this product is available.
Please enter a valid email address. 
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
Bose strives to provide you with relevant, value-added content in our online advertisements. We work with online analytics and advertising partners to: better understand the use of our Services so that we can improve our Services; and deliver advertisements that are more tailored to you both on our Services and third-party services. 
Under certain state laws, including in California, consumers have the right to opt out of Bose's processing of their personal information for targeted online advertising purposes (this data use is called "sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising" in California). Consumers also have the right to opt out of the disclosure of their personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration (this data use is called a "sale" of data under various state laws). 
While Bose does not disclose our customer's personal information to third parties in exchange for money, Bose's use of third-party analytics services and online advertising services may result in the sharing of online identifiers (e.g., cookie data, IP addresses, device identifiers, and usage information) in a way that is subject to these state opt out rights. 
To disable third-party analytics and online advertising activities that are subject to these opt out requirements, please adjust your preference below by toggling the button to the left (an X will appear) and clicking "Save Preferences". Note that any choice you make here will only affect this website, and the browser and device from which you are exercising your choice. If you would like to opt out on other devices or browsers, please do so separately. 
To opt out of the offline disclosure of your information to third parties for these purposes, please fill out our online request form.
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising/Sales
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising/Sales
You will be opted out when the button is toggled to the left (an X will appear) and you click "Save Preferences". You will be opted in when the button is toggled to the right and you click "Save Preferences".
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
SAVE PREFERENCES