Skip to main content Skip to Support Chat Skip to footer content Skip to Accessibility Statement
EXTENDED CYBER MONDAY DEALS: Save up to 40% on bestsellers. Shop
GIFT WITH PURCHASE: Save $100 off SoundLink Max and get a free Rope Carrying Strap. Buy now
EXCLUSIVE COLOR DROP: Ultra Open Earbuds are now available in Sandstone. Shop
Stress-free shopping. 90-day return policy. Holiday Price Match Promise Learn how
Cancel 
Back
Holiday
New! Cyber Monday Deals 
Gift Guide 
Exclusive Drops 
Gift Sets 
Gift Cards 
Back
Cyber Monday extended
Cyber Monday Deals extended
Hurry and get up to 40% off holiday favorites before the sale ends.
SHOP
Shop
New! Cyber Monday Deals 
New & Exclusive 
Headphones 
Earbuds 
Speakers 
Home Theater 
Portable PA 
Aviation Headsets 
Refurbished 
Gifts 
Accessories 
Sets 
All Products 
Back
All New & Exclusive 
Exclusive Drops 
Diamond Collection 
Lunar Blue Collection 
All Headphones 
Noise Cancelling Headphones 
Spatial Audio Headphones 
Headphone Accessories 
Headphone Sets 
All Earbuds 
In Ear Earbuds 
Open Ear Earbuds 
Noise Cancelling Earbuds 
Earbud Accessories 
Earbuds Sets 
All Speakers 
Bluetooth Speakers 
Home Audio Speakers 
Outdoor Speakers 
Waterproof Speakers 
Party Speakers 
Stereo Speakers 
Amplifiers 
Speaker Accessories 
Speaker Sets 
All Home Theater 
Soundbars 
Subwoofers 
Surround Sound Speakers 
Dolby Atmos Systems 
Home Theater Accessories 
Home Theater Sets 
All Portable PA 
Line Array Systems 
PA Subwoofers 
Mixing Boards 
Portable PA Accessories 
Portable PA Sets 
All Aviation Headsets 
Aviation Headset Accessories 
Gift Guide 
Gift Sets 
Gift Cards 
Exclusive Color Drop
Get it in Sandstone
Extended Cyber Monday Deal
Save $50 off Sandstone Ultra Open Earbuds.
BUY NOW
Explore
Home 
Work 
On the Go 
Fitness 
TV & Movies 
Our 60th 
Collabs 
Turn The Dial 
Bose Stories 
Back
Partners in powerful sound
Partners in powerful sound
From the music studio to the fashion world and beyond, check out who we're teaming up with.
Learn more
Support
Help Center 
My Orders 
My Products 
Contact Us 
Sign in 
My Bose 
Back
Sign In / My Bose 
Track My Order 
Returns & Exchanges 
Troubleshooting 
Register My Product 
Trade In Program 
Repair & Replacement 
Trade in and trade up
Get up to $300 towards our latest innovations when trading in.
Learn more
Sign In/Join my Bose
Wish list
Contact Us
Where Is My Order?
Cyber Monday extended
Cancel 
Cookies Notice
Effective date: October 31, 2024
Introduction What are cookies? The information collected and reasons for collection Types of cookies we use Duration of storage of cookies on your device Cookie management Consequences of deactivation of all cookies Changes to our Cookies Notice Bose contact information Glossary 
BACK TO ALL LEGAL
Introduction
At Bose, we respect your concerns about privacy and value the relationship that we have with you. This Cookies Notice explains how we use cookies and other similar technology to recognize you when you visit our websites that link to this Cookies Notice (the "Site"). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
When we use the terms "Bose," "we," or "us" in this Cookies Notice, we're referring to the Bose family of companies, which means Bose Corporation and its affiliated entities under common ownership and control. Your information is controlled by one of these entities.
Back to top
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website and store certain information about Site usage. They are useful because they allow websites to recognize a user's device. They are then returned to the original website on each subsequent visit or to any other website that recognizes them.
The term "cookie" is used in this Cookies Notice in the broad sense to include all similar techniques and technologies, including web beacons and log files. For more information on these additional tools, see our "Glossary" section below.
Back to top
The information collected and reasons for collection
Cookies help us to better understand your use of our Site and, as a result, allow us, among other things, to offer our web visitors a more personalized and consistent experience such as by storing your preferences and settings and delivering content and advertising tailored to your interests.
Here are examples of the types of information that we collect through cookies the number of users visiting the Site, the frequency with which the Site was viewed, the pages viewed, the clicks made on the Site, and the total duration of navigation on the Site.
Here are examples of the types of information that we collect through cookies the date and time you accessed the Site or opened our emails.
Here are examples of the types of information that we collect through cookies the name of the website visited prior to our Site.
Here are examples of the types of information that we collect through cookies whether you are visiting our Site for the first time or not.
Here are examples of the types of information that we collect through cookies your viewing preferences (e.g. layout, sizing preferences, language, etc.).
Here are examples of the types of information that we collect through cookies your purchases and your orders.
Here are examples of the types of information that we collect through cookies your login credentials, the type of browser used, and your IP address, so that we can identify you during your next visits to our Site.
In addition, cookies enable us to do the following: enhance your user experience and customize your visit: We may use information collected during your visit to facilitate your next visit to our Site, such as by remembering your login credentials and storing your language preferences
In addition, cookies enable us to do the following: customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive and that appear on the Site, whether ours or those of third parties. This involves, for example, identifying the features of our Site that interest you, recommending accessories for your Bose product, or displaying helpful information such as how to extend your product to your computer or other parts of your home
In addition, cookies enable us to do the following: analyze customer trends: We compile information on our Site visits and analyze them in aggregated form. This type of study aims to identify trends among many visitors to our Site, rather than analyze the information of a particular visitor
In addition, cookies enable us to do the following: assist with security and administrative functions, such as troubleshooting page load errors, and detecting irregular login behavior
Back to top
Types of cookies we use
We use first-party and third-party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are necessary for technical reasons for our Site to operate and provide basic functionality to you, and we refer to these as "strictly necessary" cookies. Other cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users and to enhance the experience on our Site. Third parties also serve cookies through our Site for advertising, analytics, and other purposes. The specific types of first- and third-party cookies served through our Site and the purposes they perform are described in more detail below.
First-party cookies 
These cookies are created by Bose. They are, for the most part, used to allow you to browse our Site and use its features. They may also assist in analytics activities.
Third-party cookies 
In addition to our proprietary cookies, some third-party and affiliated companies may place cookies on your device, access them, and associate web beacons with them. These cookies enable third-party features or functionalities to be provided on or through the Site. The parties that set these third-party cookies can recognize your device both when it visits our Site and also when it visits certain other websites.
The types of first- and third-party cookies we use on the Site are strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Site and cannot be turned off. These cookies allow you to use some of the Site's features, such as access to secure areas that require registration, setting your privacy preferences, or remembering items in your cart.
The types of first- and third-party cookies we use on the Site are functional cookies: These cookies allow you to browse our Site or benefit from some of its enhanced features, such as memorizing language preferences or using instant messaging support. Similar to strictly necessary cookies, if these cookies are disabled, it could impact your ability to use some Site functionality, such as to set your preferences.
The types of first- and third-party cookies we use on the Site are analytics cookies: These cookies allow us or our third-party analytics providers to collect information and statistics on the use of the Site by you and other visitors. Thanks to this information, Bose is able to improve the features offered on our Site.
The types of first- and third-party cookies we use on the Site are first-party advertising cookies: These cookies, which are proprietary to Bose, serve advertisements on our Services that are solely related to your activities on our Services. These cookies do not collect or use information about your activities on other websites or services.
The types of first- and third-party cookies we use on the Site are third-party targeting cookies: These cookies, provided by our third-party advertising partners, collect information about your browsing habits, as well as your preferences for products and services, on Bose's Services and third-party websites and services. This information allows Bose and our third-party advertising providers to display relevant content and advertisements on our Site and other sites you visit as you browse the web.
The types of first- and third-party cookies we use on the Site are social media cookies: These cookies are used when information is shared through a social media sharing button or "like" button on our Sites, or when you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking site such as Facebook, Twitter, or Snapchat.
To manage these various types of cookies, please follow the instructions below under the section "Cookie management."
Back to top
Duration of storage of cookies on your device
The duration of storage of cookies on your device may vary, depending on the category to which they belong: temporary or permanent.
Temporary cookies 
We use temporary cookies on all our secure pages to assign and register a session ID. This allows you to browse our entire Site without interruption. This identifier is also used for internal reporting purposes. It does not allow us to identify you by name and this type of cookie does not leave any information recoverable on your hard drive. Most of our proprietary cookies fall into this category and expire when you close your Internet browser.
Permanent cookies 
Our proprietary analysis cookies and third-party cookies are permanent cookies. They allow us to understand visitors' browsing behavior over a longer period of time or to provide you with additional features related to your Site customization requests and the content that you have saved or stored. They can stay on your computer for 24 hours, a week or several years, depending on their function. This means that these cookies survive after your browser is closed and can be used by our Site to recognize your computer when you reopen your browser later.
Back to top
Cookie management
Depending on your geographical location when you access our Site, you may be asked whether you want to accept or reject all or certain cookies when you first access our Site.
Moreover, most web browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences, as discussed in the "All cookies," "Analytics cookies," and "Targeting cookies" sections below. Please note that, depending on your geographical location when you access our Site, you may also have the option to adjust what cookies you allow us to place on your browser through our Cookies Preference Center. You can modify these settings at any time.
Please note for clarity, that the Cookies Preference Center does not manage websites for Bose Automotive. For these sites, you should follow instructions for managing cookies via your browser (below).
If you choose to disable or deactivate cookies, this may have the consequences on Site functionality discussed in the section "Consequences of deactivation of all cookies" below.
All cookies: You can exercise your preference to receive all types of cookies by managing cookies from your web browser. As the means by which to activate or deactivate cookies varies from one web browser to another, you should visit your web browser's help menu for more information on cookie preferences. You can also configure your browser at any time to be notified of the receipt of a cookie, so that you can decide whether you want to accept it or not. Cookies do not under any circumstances read the data from your hard drive and you can delete them from your computer at any time. At the moment, it is technically impossible for you to synchronize your settings between your browsers and your devices (e.g., your computer and your smartphone). You must adjust your settings on each browser/device that you currently use and each time you use a new browser or device.
Analytics cookies: To disable analytics cookies managed by our third-party analytics partners, either use the browser disablement mechanisms discussed immediately above, or use the analytics opt-out mechanisms maintained by our analytics providers google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
Adobe 
BazaarVoice
Targeting cookies: If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being placed on your device to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative's Consumer Opt-Out link, the Digital Advertising Alliance's Consumer Opt-Out link, or Your Online Choices to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. To opt out of Google Analytics for display advertising or customize Google display network ads, visit the Google Ads Settings page. You can also opt out of specific ad networks with which we partner by visiting the following links: google Ad Settings
Adobe
Back to top
Consequences of deactivation of all cookies
If you choose to deactivate cookies, you may continue to use certain parts of our Site. However, some useful features may not work anymore, depending on which cookies you deactivate. For example, you will not be able to use our online chat service and the Site and its content may not be as relevant to your preferences. You will not be able to search for resellers through our tool or share pages with your social network.
Please note that if you have disabled one or more cookies, we may continue to use the information that was collected by such cookies before they were deactivated in accordance with applicable law. However, we will cease to collect any information via the opted-out cookie once a cookie has been deactivated.
Back to top
Changes to our Cookies Notice
From time to time we may change or update this Cookies Notice to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, or advances in technology. You should review this Cookies Notice periodically, and check the "Effective date" at the beginning of the document to know if the Cookies Notice has changed since the last time you reviewed it.
Back to top
Bose contact information
If you wish to contact us or have questions about the use of cookies on our Site, please email us at privacyandsecurity@bose.com. You will also find more general information about the types of information we collect about you and how you may exercise your data privacy rights in our Privacy Policy.
Back to top
Glossary
Log files are Web server files (storing information such as domain names or IP addresses, URLs, the http response code, the website from which you access our Site, and the date and length of your visit) that are created automatically when a user visits a site.
An SDK is a set of tools and code that we embed in our applications and software to allow third parties to collect information about how users interact with the Services.
A web beacon (also known as a "pixel tag," "Internet beacon," or "clear GIF") is an electronic image usually composed of a single pixel. It can be placed on a web page or in an email to transmit information, including the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page in question, the URL of the page, the time of consultation of the page and the type of browser used, as well as the data contained in the cookies sent by a third party.
Back to top
Email address
The email address is invalid 
SIGN UP
" data-email-signup-confimation="
Join My Bose
Being first has its perks
Sign up to receive Bose emails and communications for exclusive benefits, promotions and new product information.
Email address
The email address is invalid 
SIGN UP
Thanks for signing up!
You're now a Bose insider, keep an eye on your inbox.
Join My Bose
We are experiencing issues at this moment. Please try again later.
Home 
Cookies Notice 
Customer Care Customer Care
Troubleshooting
Repair & Replacement
Order Tracking
My Bose Sign In / Register
Register Your Product
Contact Us
Our company Our company
About Us
Find a Store
ESG
Careers
Press Room
Stories
Partnerships & Licensing
Offers Offers
Holiday Bonus Card Offer
Gift Cards
ID.me Group Program
Corporate Gifting
Partner & Employee Program 
Certified Refurbished
Trade Up
Additional Links Additional Links
Automotive
Reseller Portal
United States. English 
Bose app Bose Connect App
United States. English 
Bose Corporation 2024 Sitemap Legal Privacy Policy Accessibility CA Notice of Collection Your privacy choices Cookies Notice Terms of Sale Terms of Use CA Supply Chains Act 
Notify me when available 
Enter your email address to receive an alert when this product is available.
Please enter a valid email address. 