Cartier
Skip to main content 
Terms of Use
Last updated: March 2022 
About cartier and these terms of use 
Cartier International AG, a branch of Richemont International SA, has its registered offices at Route des Biches 10, CH-1752 Villars-sur-Glâne, Switzerland. The Platforms are owned and edited by Cartier.
These Terms of Use govern your use of Cartier websites and mobile applications (together the "Platforms"). In these Terms of Use, we use the term Cartier (and "we", "us" and "our") to refer to the head office of Cartier at the registered address above and its affiliates.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Platform. By using the Platform, you signify your assent and agreement to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, then you are not authorized to continue use of the Platform. 
UPDATES TO THESE TERMS OF USE 
We may make changes from time to time to these Terms of Use so please check back regularly to keep informed of updates. The latest version of these Terms of Use will always be available on the Platform. Any new version of these Terms of Use shall take effect and will govern the use of the Platform and your relationship with us immediately upon the date of posting. By continuing to use the Platform, you agree to be bound by the terms of these updates and amendments.
About Our Hosting Services 
Hosting Services for our website is provided by Richemont International SA in Switzerland. 
Mobile applications may be hosted by us or by other companies and you should refer to the relevant conditions of such other company.
Our Privacy Policy 
Our information collection practices on the Platforms, such as the types of information we collect regarding visitors to the Platforms and the ways in which we may use that information, are governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy.
/*to do not display this asset on en-US*/ 
Use of materials on the platforms 
Cartier has created its various Platforms to provide information about its company and products for your personal use. Whilst considerable effort has been made to ensure that the visual representations of Cartier products displayed on the platforms are representative of the color, design and style etc. of the original products, slight variations, distortions and differences may be apparent when compared to the original product. This may, for example, be due to technical issues such as your browser or computer settings. Accordingly, Cartier cannot be held liable for any apparent differences in the product images represented on the Platforms and the original products. We strongly advise you visit one of our boutiques or authorized retailers prior to making a purchase online or by phone. 
You may download one computer copy or print one copy of the material made available to you via the Platforms, or download the application on to your mobile device, for your own non-commercial, educational, private or domestic use only, provided that proprietary notices, in particular intellectual property notices such as copyright, trademark, are preserved intact and are not modified, deleted or changed. Unless otherwise stated, you should assume that everything that you see or read on the Platforms (such as images, photographs, including any person represented in the photographs, illustrations, icons, texts, video clips, music, written and other materials) ("Cartier Material") are protected by legislation such as copyright, designs and trademark legislation and under international treaty provisions and national laws worldwide.
You are not authorized to sell, reproduce, distribute, communicate, modify, display, publicly perform, report or otherwise prepare derivative or second-hand works based on or use any Cartier Material in any way for any public or commercial purposes. Furthermore, Cartier Material may not be displayed or communicated on any other platform, in a networked computer environment or on any other digital platform for any purpose whatsoever. In the event of breach of any of these Terms of Use, your permission to use Cartier Material will automatically terminate and any copies made of Cartier Material must be immediately destroyed. Any unauthorized use of Cartier Material may infringe copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Your submissions and unsolicited communications 
This section concerns communications sent to Cartier. It does not concern the communication of personal information to Cartier in relation to customer enquiries, the use of services or the purchase of products by phone or through the Platform. The latter is governed by the rules stipulated in the Privacy Policy.
Any unsolicited communication or material that you transmit to Cartier via the Platforms or through social media, by electronic mail or otherwise, including, but not limited to, any data, questions or answers, comments, suggestions, or the like will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary by Cartier. By sending communications to Cartier, you automatically grant Cartier a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display such communications alone, or as a part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known of hereafter developed and to sublicense such rights to anyone. Anything that you transmit may be used by Cartier and its affiliated companies for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting, or developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. 
Furthermore, Cartier enjoys a worldwide reputation for both the design and manufacture of jewelry, high jewelry, high quality luxury watches, leather goods and other luxury goods. To this end, it possesses its own sources of creativity, in particular highly skilled teams of designers who conceive and perfect Cartier's creations. As a result, Cartier cannot agree to or accept to be the receiver of unsolicited proposals of collaboration. Indeed, it is conceivable that Cartier may already be working on similar ideas and creations. Consequently, you are advised that Cartier is not interested in receiving ideas or other proposals relating to creations you may wish to submit.
Limitation of Liability 
This section applies to the Platforms and not to the products that may be sold online or by phone by one of our local or regional markets.
Cartier tries to ensure that the information provided is accurate and complete. However, Cartier does not warrant or represent that Cartier's Material is accurate, error-free or reliable or that use of Cartier Material will not infringe rights of third parties.
Cartier does not warrant that the functional and technical aspects of the Platforms or the Cartier Material will be error free or that the Platforms, Cartier Material or the servers that make them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. If use of the Platforms or Cartier Material results in the need for servicing or replacing property, material, equipment, data or other element, Cartier is not responsible for those costs. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Platforms is provided to you "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Cartier and its suppliers make no warranties about the Cartier Material, software, text, downloads, graphics, and links, or about results to be obtained from using the Platforms.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Cartier shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use of information available from the Platforms or any liability relating to any loss of use, interruption of business, lost profits or lost data, regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, even if Cartier has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Please note that in some jurisdictions consumer protection laws may not allow certain exclusions or limitation of warranties or liabilities, and consequently some of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply.
Trademark Notice 
In general, all trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") that appear on the Platforms are registered, unregistered or otherwise protected Cartier trademarks or are licensed for use by Cartier by third parties. Other trademarks are proprietary marks and are registered to their respective owners. Nothing contained on the Platforms should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark without Cartier's prior written permission or that of such third party who owns the trademark. Misuse of any trademark displayed on the Platforms, or any other content on the Platforms, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited. 
Copyright Notice 
All content (including Cartier Materials) on the Platforms are either Copyright Cartier or are licensed for use by Cartier. All rights are reserved. Please refer to the section above on Use of Materials on the Platforms. 
Links & linking 
The Platforms may contain links to other platforms operated by third parties not affiliated to Cartier. The inclusion of any link to such third party sites does not imply endorsement by Cartier of those sites. Cartier has not reviewed all of the content contained in the linked sites and is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to any of the Platforms. If you choose to click through any link to off-site pages or third party sites then this is at your own risk.
Cartier does not authorize linking to any of its Platforms from a third party platform without its express prior written authorization. 
Termination and Suspension 
You agree that Cartier may terminate or suspend your access to and use of the Platforms if Cartier reasonably believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use, or violated the rights of Cartier, its affiliated companies or any third party, with or without notice to you. You agree that Cartier may modify or discontinue providing any of the Platforms, with or without notice to you. You agree that Cartier will not be liable to you or any third party as a result of such modification or discontinuation. The provisions entitled "Limitation of liability" and "General provisions" will survive termination of these Terms of Use.
General Provisions 
Unless otherwise specified, the information and materials presented on the Platforms are presented solely for the purpose of promoting Cartier's products and services and in certain cases to present products for sale via a variety of means. Cartier makes no representation that Cartier Material is appropriate or available for use in every country of the world. You are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws, keeping in mind that access to Cartier Material may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. Our products are available in many parts of the world. However, the Platforms may identify products that are not available worldwide.
If any provision, or part of a provision, of these Terms of Use is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision shall be deemed not to form part of these Terms of Use, and the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of the provisions of these Terms of Use shall not be affected, unless otherwise required by operation of applicable law.
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to the use of the Platform, and replace and extinguish all prior agreements, draft agreements, arrangements, undertakings, or collateral contracts of any nature made by the parties, whether oral or written, in relation to such subject matter.
The waiver by Cartier of a breach of any provision of these Terms of Use will not operate to be interpreted as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.
Applicable law and jurisdiction 
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Switzerland, without reference to conflict of laws provisions. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in relation to the Terms of Use, including the validity, invalidity, breach or termination thereof, shall be adjudicated or arbitrated in accordance with said Terms of Use. Where the laws of Switzerland are different to the mandatory consumer laws in your own country, we will afford you with similar protection. 
SMS Terms and Conditions for the US 
The following terms and conditions and any other related rules that are adopted by us shall apply to any SMS marketing campaigns that you may receive from Richemont International SA or its affiliates, including Richemont North America Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Delaware and having its corporate headquarters at 645 Fifth Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10022, U. S. A.
Text JOIN to 49742 to join, or register through our website. You may receive a maximum of 1 message per week. Text HELP for help. 
Message & data rates may apply.
Compatible carriers include: AT&T, *T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Alltel, U. S. Cellar, Cellular One, MetroPCS, ACS/Alaska, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Centennial Wireless, Cox Communications, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, GCI, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Rural Cellular Corporation, Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, West Central (WCC), Cellcom, Cellsouth, Cricket, Cincinnati Bell and Virgin Mobile. *'T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Your participation in the SMS marketing campaign is not conditional on making a purchase. Texts may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system. 
To discontinue receiving SMS messages from us, text STOP to 49742. 
For additional help please call 1-800-227-8437. For any further guidance on how we use your personal information, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Contact us 
If you have any questions or comments about these Terms of Use, or matters generally, please contact us at the address provided below. You can also use this address if you wish to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Certain functionality provided via this website may be covered by U. S. Patent 5,930,474.
Cartier North America, Branch of Richemont North America, 645 Fifth Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10022
+1 800 227 8437
contact.na@clientrelations.cartier.com
Complimentary Delivery 
EASY RETURN OR EXCHANGE 
Free Gift Wrapping 