Search
Search Catalog Search Catalog
Go to Typo
Search Search Catalog Search
Search
40-70% OFF 
SITEWIDE
T&Cs apply.
50% OFF 
ACTIVEWEAR
Online exclusive. T&Cs apply.
TOPS 
NOW $10
Online exclusive. T&Cs apply.
UP TO 
50% OFF JACKETS
Online exclusive. T&Cs apply.
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Terms & Conditions of Sale
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
We reserve the right to reject any order you place with us for any reason. For example, we may reject your order if we know or suspect that you intend to resell some or all of the products specified in your order as a part of a commercial business. You may only place orders via this website for private and domestic purposes.
We expressly prohibit purchases for resale and reselling any Cotton On product as part of any business (including any on-line business) unless agreed in writing by Cotton On.
By using our website, you accept and agree to our Privacy Policy
Your personal information will be used, according to our Privacy Policy, to process your order and tell you about our products and services.
Our website is intended to provide general information about our goods and services, including making purchases via our website. While we do our best to supply accurate information on this site, errors and omissions may occur. We do not accept any liability to you or any third parties for any loss or damage which may directly or indirectly result from your use of the website or your access to, or inability to access, the website. This includes viruses alleged to have been obtained from the website and your reliance on any advice, opinion, information, representation or omission (whether negligent or otherwise) contained on the website. By using the website, you agree that you are using the website at your own risk and that you are solely responsible for the actions you take in reliance on the content displayed on, or accessed through, the website.
WEBSITE CONTENT
While we do our best, we cannot guarantee that images on our website exactly represent actual products or their packaging. In particular, the colours shown on the website may not exactly represent the colours of our products because the colours you see on the website depend on the colour reproduction on your computer or mobile device.
Information on this website is managed by Cotton On USA Inc and is subject to change without notice.
All images, trademarks, logos, text, graphics and other content appearing on this website are the property of their respective owners and are protected by copyright, trade mark and other intellectual property laws. The use of any of Cotton On's trademarks is strictly prohibited unless we provide prior written consent.
The inclusion of any hyperlinks to third party websites does not imply Cotton On's endorsement or approval of such third parties, their websites or their businesses or other activities.
Unless otherwise indicated, copyright in the information on this website is owned by or licensed to Cotton On. This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose except where necessary for viewing this website on your Internet browser, or where specifically authorised by law or in writing by Cotton On.
COTTONON & CO. PERKS REWARDS PROGRAM
By choosing to join Cotton On & Co. Perks rewards program, you agree to receive communications from Cotton On & Co. Perks and from the individual brands you are opted into. You can opt-in to brands via the Preference Centre. You must be 13 years of age or older to join. One account valid per person.
Full details of the Cotton On & Co. Perks program are available here, including all rewards. By participating in the program you have agreed to the full terms and conditions listed here. For more information regarding the Cotton On & Co. Perks program please visit website_url_lnk You can customise your experience via the link to the Cotton On & Co. Perks Preference Centre which can be found at the bottom of all Cotton On emails. Cotton On & Co. Perks points are not earned on sale items and Gift Cards. The Payday voucher has a 60 day expiry and is single use only. A minimum spend of $15 is required in order to redeem the $5 Payday voucher. Rewards can be redeemed at all Cotton On & Co stores in United States and can only be redeemed on presentation of the Cotton On & Co. Perks card or corresponding photo identification and email address. To redeem in store present voucher email at the register. Rewards can be redeemed online at website_url_lnk by entering the barcode number at checkout. Multiple rewards may be redeemed in one transaction, however, the minimum spend for each must first be reached. Rewards cannot be redeemed to purchase gift cards. Cotton On & Co. Perks rewards vouchers will be applied before other promotions. This may mean your basket value is altered before other promotions are applied.
GOVERNING LAW
This contract is governed by the laws of Australia and such other laws which are applicable in the country where you are resident.
DELIVERY CHARGES
The delivery charges referred to in our Delivery Methods Information as we do not include any applicable importation charges, taxes and duties by customs in the country. You are responsible for all such taxes and duties.
We may occasionally provide special offers and promotions waiving delivery charges in certain circumstances. We reserve the right to vary, cancel or extend special offers and promotions regarding delivery charges.
PRICING
Please note: Prices may differ online to in store***
Prices online are exclusive of delivery charges. Prices are subject to change without notice.
Pricing Errors
The Cotton On Group reserves the right to amend any pricing errors displayed due to human error, computer malfunction or other reason. The Cotton On Group will notify you of any error in pricing and you may elect to not purchase any Good/s where the price has been corrected.
PAYMENTS
We accept payments from Visa, MasterCard, Paypal, Apple Pay, Afterpay, Quadpay and Klarna.
Depending on your circumstances, you may have to pay additional exchange rate costs and fees as charged by your credit card issuer. We will not be liable for any costs associated with exchange rates or bank fees.
Purchases made using our payment options are subject to the providers terms and conditions.
Visa Terms and Conditions.
MasterCard Terms and Conditions.
Paypal Terms and Conditions.
Apple Pay Terms and Conditions.
Afterpay Terms and Conditions.
Quadpay Terms and Conditions.
Klarna Terms and Conditions.
SECURITY
Any personal information that you submit will be protected by our secure SSL payment gateway server, which uses 256-bit security technology to protect your online order information. This technology encrypts all information including your credit card and all personal information passed from you through our website.
Your credit card purchase may take a few minutes to process to allow us time to confirm your billing information with your financial institution.
YOUR INVOICE
You will receive an email notification containing your invoice within 1-3 working days from the time you place your order.
ONLINE GIFT CARD REDEMPTION
Gift cards are only valid in the currency of the country of purchase. They are not redeemable for cash or travellers cheques. If you require a refund on an order where a gift card was redeemed partially or fully, the value will be refunded back onto a gift card. No change will be given for a purchase made with a gift card. Cotton On Group gift cards do not expire. Gift cards are partially redeemable, any balance left unredeemed on the card will not be refunded or credited.
When the order total exceeds the available card balance, the cardholder will be required to make up the difference with an alternate form of payment, this includes Afterpay, PayPal and credit/debit cards. Gift Cards should be treated like cash. Cotton On Group disclaims all responsibility for lost or stolen cards.
Customer Reviews Terms of Use
These Terms of Use govern your conduct associated with the Customer Ratings and Reviews and Questions and Answers service offered by Cotton On Group (the "CRR Service").
By submitting any content to Cotton On Group, you guarantee that you are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights in the content.
By submitting any content to Cotton On Group, you guarantee that all "moral rights" that you may have in such content have been voluntarily waived by you.
By submitting any content to Cotton On Group, you guarantee that all content that you post is accurate.
By submitting any content to Cotton On Group, you guarantee that you are at least 13 years old.
By submitting any content to Cotton On Group, you guarantee that use of the content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
You further agree that you may not submit any content that is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading.
You further agree that you may not submit any content that infringes any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy.
You further agree that you may not submit any content that violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising).
You further agree that you may not submit any content that is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation.
You further agree that you may not submit any content for which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any unapproved third party.
You further agree that you may not submit any content that includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers.
You further agree that you may not submit any content that contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
You agree to indemnify and hold Cotton On Group (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers, including but not limited to Bazaarvoice, Inc.), harmless from all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
For any content that you submit, you grant Cotton On Group a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and sell and distribute such content and incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you. 
All content that you submit may be used at Cotton On Group's sole discretion. Cotton On Group reserves the right to change, condense, withhold publication, remove or delete any content on Cotton On Group's website that Cotton On Group deems, in its sole discretion, to violate the content guidelines or any other provision of these Terms of Use. Cotton On Group does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through Cotton On Group to edit or delete any content you have submitted. Ratings and written comments are generally posted within two to four business days. However, Cotton On Group reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission to the extent authorized by law. You acknowledge that you, not Cotton On Group, are responsible for the contents of your submission. None of the content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of Cotton On Group, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.
HAVE QUESTIONS?
For details on how to order, payment methods and more visit our Help Centre
40% Off Sitewide Black Friday Deals $10 & Under 50% Off Activewear $10 Tops 50% off Winter Accessories $4 Panties Women's Jeans Men's Jeans Women's Jackets Men's Jackets Women's Sweats Men's Sweats Women's Sweaters Men's Sweaters Sleepwear Accessories Graphic Tees Gifts
Life's better with perks
Join today & get 20% off your first online order
Join Now 
Delivery Options
Get 15% off
Free Returns
Join for 20% Off 
Life's better with perks
Join today & get 20% off your first online order
$1 = 
1 point
Every 50 points 
= $5 reward
Join Now
Points cannot be earned on sale items, donations & gift cards.