Created with sketchtool. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with sketchtool. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with sketchtool.
Shipping to: USA
Legal
Cookie policy 
Legal notice and Privacy policy 
Privacy Policy 
Terms & Conditions 
Cookie policy 
Do not sell or share my info 
The California transparency in supply chains act of 2010 
Legal 
Legal notice and Privacy policy 
Privacy Policy 
Terms & Conditions 
Cookie policy 
Do not sell or share my info 
The California transparency in supply chains act of 2010 
Legal notice
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie policy
Do not sell or share my info
The California transparency in supply chains act of 2010
Legal
Legal notice and Privacy policy
Website Legal Statements
Privacy Policy
Data Protection Officer
Personal Data processed
Purpose of the processing
Legal bases, data controllership and mandatory / discretionary nature of the processing
Recipients of Personal Data
Transfers of Personal Data
Retention of Personal Data
Data subjects' rights
Amendments and effective date
Further Information for California residents. California Consumer Privacy Act 2018 ("CCPA")
Terms & Conditions
General Information
Trade Policy
Purchase Conditions
Availability and Delivery
Ship To Store
Prices and Payment
Shipment Rates
Accommodations
Product Returns
Product Liability
Applicable Law and Disputes
Contacts
Cookie policy
Legal notice
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie policy
Do not sell or share my info
The California transparency in supply chains act of 2010
Do not sell or share my info
The California transparency in supply chains act of 2010
The California Transparency
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy forms an integral part of Salvatore Ferragamo's Privacy Policy available here.
Definitions, characteristics and application of the legislation
Cookies are small text files that may be sent to and registered on your computer or mobile device by the websites you visit, to then be re-sent to those same sites when you visit them again. It is thanks to these cookies that those websites can "remember" your actions and preferences (e.g., login data, language, font size, other display settings, etc.), so that you do not need to configure them again when you next visit the website, or when you change pages within a website.
Cookies are, therefore, used for electronic authentication, monitoring of sessions and storage of information regarding your activities when accessing a website. They may also contain a unique ID code which allows tracking of your browsing activities within a website, for statistical or advertising purposes. Some operations within a website may not be able to be performed without the use of cookies which, in certain cases, are technically necessary for operation of the website.
When browsing a website, you may also receive cookies from websites or web servers other than the website being visited (i.e., third-party cookies).
There are various types of cookies, depending on their characteristics and functions, which may be stored on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time: "session cookies", which are automatically deleted when you close your browser, and "persistent cookies", which will remain on your device until their pre-set expiration period passes.
Under applicable data protection law, your express consent is not always required for the use of cookies. In particular, "technical cookies", i.e., cookies used exclusively to transmit messages over an electronic communications network, or otherwise strictly necessary to provide a service explicitly requested by you, do not require your consent. In other words, cookies which are indispensable for the operation of the Website or required to perform activities you request may be used without your consent. Among cookies which can be used without consent, the following are included: analytics cookies, when used directly by a website operator to collect information, in an aggregate form, on the number of users and how they use a website.
Under applicable data protection law, your express consent is not always required for the use of cookies. In particular, "technical cookies", i.e., cookies used exclusively to transmit messages over an electronic communications network, or otherwise strictly necessary to provide a service explicitly requested by you, do not require your consent. In other words, cookies which are indispensable for the operation of the Website or required to perform activities you request may be used without your consent. Among cookies which can be used without consent, the following are included: technical cookies, which allow users to browse a website according to a series of selected criteria (e.g., a certain language, products selected for purchase, etc.), in order to improve the services provided to those users. This category comprises browsing, navigation and session cookies, used to identify and authenticate users of a website
On the other hand, "profiling cookies", i.e., cookies used to create profiles on users and used to send advertising messages in line with the preferences revealed by users while browsing websites, always require users' prior consent.
Types of cookies used by the Website 
The Website uses the following types of cookies: technical cookies, which comprise browsing, session and navigation cookies, which are strictly necessary for the Website's operation and to allow you to use the Website's content and services and functionality cookies, which are used to activate specific Website functions and to configure the Website according to your choices (e.g., language), in order to improve your experience.
The Website uses the following types of cookies: analytics cookies, which allow Salvatore Ferragamo to understand how users make use of the Website, and to track traffic to and from the Website. The information collected by these cookies is processed in an aggregate and anonymous form, with no information on your specific ID being collected, therefore, the use of these cookies does not involve the use of your Personal Data.
The Website uses the following types of cookies: profiling cookies, which are used to observe the preferences you reveal through your use of the Website and to send you advertising messages in line with those preferences. These cookies, either of Salvatore Ferragamo or of third parties, are accurately selected and checked, and are used to guarantee that the marketing messages received through our Website, or other websites used by Salvatore Ferragamo to transmit its advertising messages, are in line with the visitor's preferences. Our advertising policy is conceived to offer pertinent messages, based on previous visits to our Website, on the most frequently visited pages, and on other data concerning the visitor. These cookies, if used together with other information about you, such as for example how our products and services are used, allow to recognize when access is made to the reserved area, and to send personalized marketing messages in line with the visitor's preferences.
The Website uses the following types of cookies: social and profiling cookies, which also enable users to interact with social networks (Facebook, Twitter). They are cookies that allow to share contents of the Website through social networks. 
The Website uses the following types of cookies: chat Cookies, necessary for the activation of Livechat. These cookies allow to monitor the user's experience on the site and to put him/her in contact with Ferragamo Team also in order to provide the user with the best assistance. If these cookies are not accepted, it will not be possible to access the chat. 
Salvatore Ferragamo also uses third-party cookies, i.e. cookies from websites / web servers other than the Website, and which are used for specific purposes of the third parties owning those websites / webservers (including profiling of users). These third parties will typically be considered independent data controllers regarding their cookies, and therefore you must refer to their privacy policies, information notices or other materials to obtain more information on them. Salvatore Ferragamo cannot control or ascertain the use which may be made, by these third parties, of third-party cookies, nor their exact characteristics or purpose. 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Akamai is available at this link
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of DoubleClick (by Google) and Google is available at this link
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Linkedin is available at this link
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy and the procedure for rejecting the cookies of Criteo are available at the following link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Facebook is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Twitter is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Pinterest is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Yahoo! Japan is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Dialogfeed is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of MyThing is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of ContentSquare is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Microsoft is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Tradedoubler is available at this link
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: tradedoubler compliance with GDPR: link
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Medallia is available at this link
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Powerfront is available at this link
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Rakuten is available at this link
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: rakuten Do Not Sell My Info: link
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Stileo is available at this link
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Adyen is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of XGen is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of AudioEye is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Spotify is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Algolia is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Measmerize is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of DigiCert is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Riskified is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of LINE is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Noibu is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of TikTok is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Kakao is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Teads is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Spotify Ad Analytics is available at this link 
The following section lists the links to information on third-party cookies: the privacy policy of Wunderkind is available at this link 
Pixel Tags 
Pixel tags (also referred to as clear gifs or web beacons) are graphical images that are usually transparent and can be inserted into a website or an e-mail.
On the Website, Salvatore Ferragamo uses pixel tags of Criteo and Double Click which detect the IP address of the computer on which our page was opened; the page URL; the time when the page was visited; and the type of browser used; and also detect a previously entered cookie value to detect the user's preferences and send personalized advertising messages.
For further information and to get to know how you can reject the installation of pixel tags of Criteo, please consult the privacy policy of Criteo (website_url_lnk
Moreover, Salvatore Ferragamo uses pixel tags in the e-mails sent to users for analytical purposes and in particular to detect how many users read the emails sent.
First party cookies present on the Website 
Technical name. Data Controller. Cookie type, function and purpose. Duration 
JSESSIONID. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie for session management. Session 
LtpaToken 
LtpaToken2. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie for authentication and session management. 30 minutes 
FRG_Social 
FRG_Analytics 
FRG_Profiling. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that stores the consent to the use of cookies. 6 months 
FRG_lastAcceptedCookiePolicy 
FRG_Optout. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie. 6 months 
FRG_HIDEBANNER. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that allows to hide the notification banner. 7 days 
CompareItems_*. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that catalogues the IDs of the purchased products.. Session 
priceMode. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that stores the price display mode in the online store.. Session 
searchTermHistory. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that stores the chronology of the searched terms. Session 
WC_ACTIVEPOINTER. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that contains the session ID value in the online store. Session 
WC_GENERIC_ACTIVITYDATA. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that exists in case of sessions with generic users only. Session 
WC_USERACTIVITY_*. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that enables the transmission of data between the browser and the server both with SSL connection and non-SSL connection. Session 
WC_SESSION_ESTABLISHED. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie created the moment when the user has access to the online store. Session 
WC_PERSISTENT. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that stores marketing functionalities and functions linked to the ID customization. Session 
WC_NEWPERSISTENCE. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that stores marketing functionalities and functions linked to the ID customization. 30 days 
WC_MOBILEDEVICEID. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that detects the device used by the user. Session 
WC_AUTHENTICATION_*. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that enables safe authentication. Session 
WC_Timeoffset. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie used for the calculation of the timestamp time zone. Session 
frg_tip, frgprf_popup. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie. Session 
checkout_data. Salvatore Ferragamo. Technical cookie that stores the information about the purchase checkout phase. 5 days 
Third party cookies present on the Website Technical name. Data Controller. Cookie type, function and purpose. Duration 
AKA_A2. Akamai. Technical cookie for Adaptive Acceleration feature, which enables DNS Prefetch and HTTP2 Push. 1 hour 
AKSB. Akamai. Technical cookie that carries the timestamp (epoch time) and the URL sampled by RUM. Session 
MUID. Microsoft Bing. Profiling cookie. 13 months 
drt. DoubleClick by Google. Profiling cookie. 1 day 
Id. DoubleClick by Google. Profiling cookie. 2 years 
test_cookie. DoubleClick by Google. Profiling cookie. 15 minutes 
_ga. Google Universal Analytics. Analytics cookie. 2 years 
_gat. Google Universal Analytics. Analytics cookie. 10 minutes 
_gali. Google Universal Analytics. Analytics cookie. 30 seconds 
__utma. Google Analytics. Analytics cookie. 2 years 
__utmb. Google Analytics. Analytics cookie. 30 minutes 
__utmc. Google Analytics. Analytics cookie. Session 
__utmz. Google Analytics. Analytics cookie. 6 months 
__utmt. Google Analytics. Analytics cookie. 10 minutes 
optout, ki_r, ki_t. Criteo. Technical cookies. 5 years 
acdc, eid, evt, udc, zdi. Criteo. Profiling cookie that is used to enable third-party-delivered advertisements. 6 months 
uic, uid, homepageab. Criteo. Profiling cookie that is used to enable third-party-delivered advertisements. 1 year 
udi. Criteo. Profiling cookie that is used to enable third-party-delivered advertisements. 1 day 
r.ack. Criteo. Profiling cookie that is used to enable third-party-delivered advertisements. 1 hour 
OPT OUT. Criteo. Profiling cookie that is used to enable third-party-delivered advertisements. 5 years 
_lipt, leo_profile. Linkedin. Social and profiling cookie. 1 month 
Lidc, bcookie. Linkedin. Social and profiling cookie. 30 minutes 
__qca. Linkedin. Social and profiling cookie. 6 months 
Lang, sdsc. Linkedin. Social and profiling cookie. Session 
_ga, dart, lu. Facebook. Social and profiling cookie. 2 years 
fr. Facebook. Social and profiling cookie. 3 months 
local. Facebook. Social and profiling cookie. 7 days 
reg_fb_ext, reg_fb_gate, reg_fb_ref, act, wd, csm, s, xs, c_user. Facebook. Social and profiling cookie. Session 
_ga, guest_id. Twitter. Social and profiling cookie. 2 years 
_gat. Twitter. Social and profiling cookie. 1 day 
nodocdom. Twitter. Social and profiling cookie. Session 
remeber_checked_on. Twitter. Social and profiling cookie. 10 years 
_pinterest_cm, csrftoken. Pinterest. Social and profiling cookie. 1 year 
pinterest_referrer. Pinterest. Social and profiling cookie. 3 hours 
yahoo_retargeting. Yahoo! JAPAN. Profiling cookie. 90 days 
DSID. DoubleClick by Google (Floodlight). Profiling cookie. 13 days 
IDE. DoubleClick by Google (Floodlight). Profiling cookie. 1 year 
id. DoubleClick by Google (Floodlight). Profiling cookie. 1 year 
ma. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 7 months 
__utmz. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 30 days 
apnxs_uid. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 12 days 
atl_mc. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 13 days 
ckid. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 8 years 
cksession. MyThing. Profiling cookie. Session 
fbxid. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 10 days 
googid. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 8 years 
mt_8278-2482734-uk. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 2 months 
mtrs. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 8 years 
mttgt2. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 2 months 
Oid. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 12 days 
wp15169. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 7 months 
xid. MyThing. Profiling cookie. 12 days 
_session_id. DialogFeed. Technical cookie. Session 
_cs_id. ContentSquare. Analytics cookie, this cookie contains ContentSquare's user identifier.. 13 months 
_cs_s. ContentSquare. Analytics cookie, this cookie contains the number of pageviews within the running session for ContentSquare Solution.. 30 minutes 
_cs_vars. ContentSquare. Analytics cookie, this cookie is used by ContentSquare to record custom variables.. session 
_cs_ex. ContentSquare. Analytics cookie, this cookie is used by ContentSquare to exclude some visitors from the collection.. 30 days 
_cs_c. ContentSquare. Analytics cookie, this cookie is used by ContentSquare to save the user consent to be tracked.. 13 months 
_cs_optout. ContentSquare. Analytics cookie, this cookie is used by ContentSquare to exclude some visitors from the collection.. 13 months 
tduid. Tradedoubler. Technical cookie. 365 days 
TradedoublerGUID. Tradedoubler. Profiling cookie. 365 days 
_fbp. Facebook. Social and profiling cookie. 90 days 
PI. Tradedoubler. Profiling cookie. 1 year 
_cfduid. Cookiebot. Technical cookie. 29 days 
UI. Tradedoubler. Profiling cookie. 365 days 
GUID. Tradedoubler. Profiling cookie. 365 days 
_gid. Google Analytics. Analytics cookie. 1 day 
BT. Tradedoubler. Profiling cookie. 365 days 
backendDataInSessionFlag. Medallia. Profiling cookie, flag that indicates if we retrieve user based targeting data in the current session. 1 year 
kampyleUserSessionsCount. Medallia. Profiling cookie, tracks number of sessions user has been in the browser. 1 year 
DECLINED_DATE. Medallia. Profiling cookie, timestamp indicating when an intercept was last declined / survey was last closed. 1 year 
SUBMITTED_DATE. Medallia. Profiling cookie, timestamp indicating when a survey was last submitted. 1 year 
kampyleUserSession. Medallia. Profiling cookie, timestamp indicating when the user has started his session. 1 year 
kampyleSessionPageCounter. Medallia. Profiling cookie, tracks the number of pages the user has been in the session. 1 year 
kampyleInvitePresented. Medallia. Profiling cookie, flag indicating whether an intercept was presented in the session. 1 year 
kampylePageLoadedTimestamp. Medallia. Profiling cookie, timestamp indicating when the page was loaded. Used for time on page targeting. 1 year 
kampyleUserPercentile. Medallia. Profiling cookie, number between 0-1 used for percentage of users targeting. 1 year 
LAST_INVITATION_VIEW. Medallia. Profiling cookie, timestamp for when the last intercept was presented. 1 year 
kampyle_userid. Medallia. Profiling cookie, UUID for identifying a user. 1 year 
inside-{CLUSTER}. Powerfront. Chat cookie, identify unique visitor for INSIDE chat server identified by CLUSTER. 1000 days 
inside:{CLUSTER}:IN-{SITE}. Powerfront. Chat cookie, identify INSIDE chat website by SITE and CLUSTER identifiers. 1000 days 
inside-psid. Powerfront. Chat cookie, used by INSIDE pre-chat survey form only, identify visitor. 10 days 
inside-sexp. Powerfront. Chat cookie, used by INSIDE pre-chat survey form only, identify new or existing session. 10 days 
inside-c1. Powerfront. Chat cookie, identify browser first party cookie support for INSIDE chat. 0 days 
inside-c3. Powerfront. Chat cookie, identify browser third party cookie support for INSIDE chat. 1 year 
__cfduid. Powerfront. Chat cookie, used by the content delivery network Cloudflare to identify trusted web traffic. 18 days 
rmuid. Rakuten. Profiling cookie, Rakuten Marketing master identifier, 36 character unique GUID. Example: D2CF049D-9645-4EA1-B9C6-B8FD329FB0CA. 365 days 
opt-out. Rakuten. Profiling cookie, opt out of tracking. 5 years 
VisitorDataCookie. Stileo. Profiling cookie, this cookie let our pixel to verify that the transaction has been made by a Stileo user. 30 days 
JSESSIONID. Adyen. Technical cookie that links a browser request to a specific Adyen server and makes sure that further requests will go to the same server.. 5 days 
_pk_id.*. XGen. Profiling cookie used to create personalized shopping experience. Should the user decline the installation of profiling cookies, XGen cookie will be installed with limited functionality that does not involve profiling and user identification.. 13 months 
_pk_ses.*. XGen. Profiling cookie used to create personalized shopping experience. Should the user decline the installation of profiling cookies, XGen cookie will be installed with limited functionality that does not involve profiling and user identification.. 30 minutes 
xgen_meta_data. XGen. Profiling cookie used to create personalized shopping experience. Should the user decline the installation of profiling cookies, XGen cookie will be installed with limited functionality that does not involve profiling and user identification.. 12 hours 
xgen_user_id. XGen. Profiling cookie used to create personalized shopping experience. Should the user decline the installation of profiling cookies, XGen cookie will be installed with limited functionality that does not involve profiling and user identification.. 13 months 
xgen_session_id. XGen. Profiling cookie used to create personalized shopping experience. Should the user decline the installation of profiling cookies, XGen cookie will be installed with limited functionality that does not involve profiling and user identification.. 12 hours 
xgen_ab_info. XGen. Profiling cookie used to create personalized shopping experience. Should the user decline the installation of profiling cookies, XGen cookie will be installed with limited functionality that does not involve profiling and user identification.. 13 months 
_aeaid. AudioEye. This generic technical cookie sets a unique ID in the browser for error logging purposes. It is used to understand the chain of logs leading to a particular error. The information set by this cookie is not used to identify particular users.. 1 year 
aearrowkeytyping. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie stores the user's selected Arrow Key Typing option in the Player Settings.. 1 year 
aeatstartmessage. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie tells the AudioEye service if it needs to build out text in the Toolbar based on the user's selected language.. 1000 days 
aeautoplay. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie stores the user's selected Auto Play option in the Player Settings.. 1 year 
aefirstmodule. AudioEye. This technical cookie holds the value of the first AudioEye module the user interacted with in the current session.. 10 days 
aefirsttimeplayer. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie determines whether or not to open the Player "walkthrough" when the Player module is activated.. 25 years 
aefirsttimetoolbar. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie determines whether or not to open the Toolbar "walkthrough" when the Toolbar is opened.. 25 years 
aefirsttimevoice. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie determines whether or not to open the Voice "walkthrough" when the Voice module is opened.. 25 years 
aeintro. AudioEye. After the introduction to the AudioEye Toolbar has played, this secure technical cookie is set to prevent it from playing again as the user navigates through the site.. 24 hours 
aekeyannounce. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie stores the user's selected Key Press Announce option in the Player Settings.. 1000 days 
aelastsite. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie helps determine if the user has visited another AudioEye enabled website already.. 1000 days 
aeletterbyletter. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie stores the user's selected Letter By Letter option in Player Settings.. 1000 days 
aelreadercontrolbarclosed. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie stores the state of the Visual Toolkit control bar (open or closed).. Session 
aelreadersettings. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie stores the state of each Visual Toolkit setting in order to persist these settings as the user navigates through the website.. Session 
aemoduleactivation. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie stores the state of currently active modules so they can be reset on repeat visits.. 10 days 
aeOptin. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie stores details on which modules a user has opted-in to (help desk, site menu, CTA, etc.).. 25 years 
aepersistsettings. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie stores whether or not the user has enabled the Persist Settings feature in the Toolbar settings.. 1 year 
aeproductlaunched. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie stores the state of the AudioEye Toolbar. If the Toolbar is active (open), the value is set to true. If the Toolbar is inactive (closed), the value is set to false. This cookie also helps define whether Toolbar modules need to be reloaded.. 10 days 
aesettingsreset. AudioEye. This secure technical cookie is used to reset persistent Toolbar settings when a user has activated the Reset feature from the Toolbar.. Session 
aecontrast, aefirsttimereader, aefontface, aefontsize, aeletterspacing, aelineheight, aeplayerhelp, aevoicemode, aewordspacing, aezoom. AudioEye. These technical cookies are not currently in use but may be set in the browsers of users who have used the AudioEye Toolbar in the past.. 
sp_landing. Spotify. Functionality cookie. 1 day 
sp_t. Spotify. Functionality cookie. 1 year 
_ALGOLIA. Algolia. Analytics cookie. 6 months 
_GRECAPTCHA. Google. Technical cookie, Google reCAPTCHA sets this necessary cookie when executed for the purpose of providing its risk analysis.. 6 months 
measmerize:user:inputs. Measmerize. This profiling cookie stores user inputs, enabling Measmerize to recognize users across different product detail pages and subsequent sessions. This functionality prevents users from having to re-enter data for recommendations each time they visit.. 6 months 
measmerize:user:preferences. Measmerize. This profiling cookie contains user session identifier, which is essential for matching recommendations, inputs, and orders. This matching is crucial for performance reporting and service improvement.
measmerize:user:preferences. Measmerize. This profiling cookie contains user preferences, that enable seamless navigation between PDP and personalized experiences with Measmerize widget. 6 months
_ga_xxxxxxxxxx. Measmerize. This analytical cookie is set by Google Analytics to persist users' session state.. 13 months 
_ga. Measmerize. This analytical cookie is set by Google Analytics to identify users.. 13 months 
incap_ses_*. DigiCert. Technical cookie. Session 
visid_incap_*. DigiCert. Technical cookie. 1 year 
lastRskxRun. Riskified. Technical cookie. 2 years 
rCookie. Riskified. Technical cookie. 2 years 
rskxRunCookie. Riskified. Technical cookie. 2 years 
brid. LINE. Profiling cookie installed for the purpose of ad measurement and accumulating audience. 2 years 
b_id. LINE. Profiling cookie installed for the purpose of ad measurement and accumulating audience. 2 years 
_ldbrbid. LINE. Profiling cookie installed for the purpose of ad measurement and accumulating audience. 2 years 
noibuID. Noibu. Technical cookie. Session 
_ttp. TikTok. Profiling cookie, To measure and improve the performance of your advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok. This includes the possibility of retargeting you with products and services you have viewed on Ferragamo's digital property on TikTok and to measure when you have clicked through to Ferragamo's digital property after seeing one of our advertisements on TikTok.. 13 months 
_tt_enable_cookie. TikTok. Profiling cookie, To measure and improve the performance of your advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok. This includes the possibility of retargeting you with products and services you have viewed on Ferragamo's digital property on TikTok and to measure when you have clicked through to Ferragamo's digital property after seeing one of our advertisements on TikTok.. 13 months 
_tt_sessionId. TikTok. Profiling cookie, To measure and improve the performance of your advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok. This includes the possibility of retargeting you with products and services you have viewed on Ferragamo's digital property on TikTok and to measure when you have clicked through to Ferragamo's digital property after seeing one of our advertisements on TikTok.. 13 months 
_ga_*. Google Analytics 4. Analytics cookie. 13 months 
_gcl_au. Google AdSense. Profiling cookie. 3 months 
Aid. Kakao. Profiling cookies which are used for 3rd party advertising. 1 year 
tfpsi. Teads. Profiling cookie. 30 minutes 
ar_debug. Teads. Profiling cookie. Session 
__spdt. Spotify. Profiling cookie. 1 year 
bounceClientVisit7361v. Wunderkind. Technical cookie. 30 minutes 
bounceClientVisit7361. Wunderkind. Technical cookie. 1 year 
dgzsdl08v4. Wunderkind. Technical cookie. 10 minutes 
Cookie settings 
Technical and analytical cookies 
CAUTION: If you block or delete technical cookies used by the Website, the Website may become impossible to browse, certain services or functions of the Website may become unavailable or other malfunctions may occur, in which case you will have to modify or manually enter some information or preferences every time you visit the Website. 
Technical Cookies 
They do not require the user's prior consent to be used but they can, in any case, be disabled as indicated below in Browsing options section.
Analytical cookies 
Analytical cookies, since they are anonymous, are considered as technical cookies; they do not require the user's consent, but can be disabled at any time.
Enable
Disable
Profiling cookies
Enable
Disable
Social and profiling cookies
Enable
Disable
Chat cookies 
These cookies activate the Livechat and provide you with assistance when browsing the website. If you do not accept these cookies, you will not be able to access the chat. You can change your choice at any time. 
Enable
Disable
Browsing options
You can also block or delete all or some of the cookies used on the Website via your browser options. Your cookie preferences will be reset if different browsers are used to access the Website. For more information on how to set the preferences for cookies via your browser, refer to the following instructions: internet Explorer
You can also block or delete all or some of the cookies used on the Website via your browser options. Your cookie preferences will be reset if different browsers are used to access the Website. For more information on how to set the preferences for cookies via your browser, refer to the following instructions: firefox
You can also block or delete all or some of the cookies used on the Website via your browser options. Your cookie preferences will be reset if different browsers are used to access the Website. For more information on how to set the preferences for cookies via your browser, refer to the following instructions: chrome
You can also block or delete all or some of the cookies used on the Website via your browser options. Your cookie preferences will be reset if different browsers are used to access the Website. For more information on how to set the preferences for cookies via your browser, refer to the following instructions: safari
You can also block or delete all or some of the cookies used on the Website via your browser options. Your cookie preferences will be reset if different browsers are used to access the Website. For more information on how to set the preferences for cookies via your browser, refer to the following instructions: opera
You can also block or delete all or some of the cookies used on the Website via your browser options. Your cookie preferences will be reset if different browsers are used to access the Website. For more information on how to set the preferences for cookies via your browser, refer to the following instructions: microsoft Edge
Without prejudice to the foregoing, you are informed of the possibility of using the information on YourOnlineChoices (EU), Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance (USA), DAAC (Canada), DDAI or other similar services. Through these services you can manage the tracking preferences of most advertising tools. Salvatore Ferragamo, therefore, advises you to use these resources in addition to the information provided herein. 
Please wait. We will alert when the content has loaded.
Loading completed.
MAY WE HELP?
Phone
Contact us to order by phone or for any other information regarding our products and services. 1-866-337-7242 Monday-Friday 9 am, 9 pm ET, excluding holidays.
Email
To reach our customer care by email, click the button below. Send mail
To know more about how we process and protect your data, please read here.
Shopping Bag 
Your shopping bag is empty. 
Continue shopping
Personalize your online shopping experience. 
Register or sign in to save items to your Wishlist, access exclusives services and previews
Sign in / Register 
Enjoy free shipping and returns on this order.
Delivery options 
Standard Delivery
4-6 business days after order has shipped.
Free 
Express Delivery
2-3 business days after order has shipped.
$ 25 
Next Business Day
Next business day for orders placed by 12pm EST (Mon-Fri).
Orders placed after 12:00pm EST or on weekends will be shipped the following business day (only for items immediately available in our central warehouse)
For items located outside our central warehouse, allow up to 2-5 business days for your order to be shipped 
$ 35 
Any applicable taxes will be calculated at checkout