Ferrari logo
Ferrari logo
Ferrari logo
Racing
Sports Cars
Collections
Experiences
About Us
Search
Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Policy
Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Notice, Sales
Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Notice, After Sales
Ferrari North America Inc. Privacy Policy
Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Policy
In compliance with applicable privacy laws, including the EU Regulation no. 2016/679 ("GDPR") and the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the "CCPA"), this Privacy Policy describes how Ferrari S.p. A ("Ferrari", "we", "us", "our") collects your personal data, how Ferrari uses this personal data, with whom Ferrari share your personal data, and your choices in connection with this.
01
APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to personal data Ferrari collects through websites owned and operated by Ferrari, the MyFerrari mobile application, and official Ferrari dealer websites (collectively, the "Websites").
02
CONTROLLER AND DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
The data controller is Ferrari S.p. A., with registered office at Via Emilia Est, N. 1163, Modena, Italy. You can contact the Ferrari's Data Protection Officer by email at: privacy2@ferrari.com.
03
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We collect personal data, which is information that identifies you or relates to you as an identifiable individual.
Information You Provide To Us
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you apply for employment. When you apply for employment with Ferrari, we collect your identifiers (name, email address, physical address, and telephone number), and your professional or employment information (resume, cover letter, employment history, and educational history). We use this personal data to manage and consider your application with Ferrari, as necessary to comply with the law, and to create your candidate account. Once your candidate account is created, we will also store your username and password. The legal basis for this processing is that the processing is necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request, before entering a contract (Art. 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR). Ferrari also processes this personal data as part of its legitimate interest in the facilitation and optimization of the recruitment process (Article 6, par. 1, let. f of the GDPR). For more information, please consult the specific privacy policy in the Careers section of this Website.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you contact us. When you send Ferrari a question or inquiry, or ask for other support, you will need to provide us with personal identifiers (name and email address), protected classifications (gender), and any other information you choose to provide in your correspondence. We use this personal data to respond to your questions or inquiries, troubleshoot where necessary, and address any issues you have with the Websites or the services offered thereon. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR).
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you download the MyFerrari mobile application and access to the MyFerrari web account. When you download the MyFerrari mobile application and you sign in your MyFerrari web account, you will need to activate your account. To do so, we will collect your personal identifiers (name and email address). Once your account is activated, we will store your password. We use this personal data to activate your account and confirm your registration as a Ferrari owner. In the event of any malfunctions and upon your express request, your user profile can be accessed and used by us exclusively to support you in resolving any technical criticality detected. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR). For more information on data processing via the MyFerrari app, please consult the specific privacy policy on the app.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you report a violation of Ferrari's Code of Conduct. Ferrari provides an online platform "Ethics Helpline" as well as a dedicated e-mail address for individuals to request advice and report concerns that may be inconsistent with Ferrari's Code of Conduct. If you request advice and report a concern, we will collect your personal identifiers (e.g. name, telephone number, and email address) and any additional information you choose to disclose in your correspondence. We use this personal data to assess, investigate, and resolve your report and to comply with the law. The legal basis for this processing is a legal obligation to establish a corporate reporting channel to which Ferrari is subject (Article 6, par. 1, let. c of the GDPR). For more information on data processing, please consult the specific privacy policy on the Ethics Helpline platform.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you register as an owner. If you register as a Ferrari owner, we will collect your personal identifiers (name, email address, date of birth, and physical address), protected classifications (gender), professional or employment information (your job activity), and commercial information (Vehicle Identification Number, vehicle information, and license plate number). Once your owner account is created, we will also store your password. We use this personal data to process your owner registration and create your account. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR).
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you request a service at an official Ferrari dealer and repairer. To request a service, we will collect your personal identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, and physical address) and commercial information (Vehicle Identification Number and details of your vehicle). We use this personal data to book your service appointment and communicate with you about your service request. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR).
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you profiling activities. If you opt-in, we may use this personal data described in this section to analyze your behaviors, habits and propensity to consume to enhance customer experience and to improve products and services provided by the Ferrari, to satisfy your expectations as well as to send you marketing communications we feel may be of interest to you. In doing so, Ferrari will analyze your preferences and interests using automated analysis techniques that provide Ferrari with inferences concerning you, including profiling. The legal basis for this is your consent (Article 6, par. 1, let. a of the GDPR). You may revoke your consent at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our consent management page where you can also opt-out of our newsletters and marketing communications. You can also e-mail privacy2@ferrari.com or contact us using any of our other contact details set out in section a of this privacy policy to opt-out of profiling activities as well as of direct and indirect marketing communications.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you subscribe to direct and indirect marketing communications. If you opt-in, , Ferrari will collect and use your personal identifiers (such as name, date of birth, address, telephone number, and email address), your commercial information (products or services purchased), and inferences drawn (if you consented also to profiling activities) to send you marketing communications as well as sending advertising on Ferrari products, services, events, new collections or performing market researches (direct marketing) as well as on Ferrari's commercial partners' products, which may belong to different product categories (e.g. companies operating in the oil, automotive, IT sectors, etc.) (indirect marketing). This data may be processed in hardcopy, by automated or electronic means including via mail or e-mail, phone (e.g. phone calls, SMS), fax and any other mean (e.g. web sites, mobile apps). In doing so, Ferrari will analyze your preferences and interests using automated analysis techniques that provide Ferrari with inferences concerning you, including profiling (if you have opted-in for this purpose). The legal basis for this is your consent (Article 6, par. 1, let. a of the GDPR). You may revoke your consent or opt-out of receiving marketing communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our consent and newsletters management page where you can opt-out of our newsletters and marketing communications. You can also e-mail privacy2@ferrari.com or contact us using any of our other contact details set out in section a of this privacy policy to opt-out of profiling activities as well as of direct and indirect marketing communications.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you custom audiences and Lookalike audiences. In some cases, if you opt-in for marketing activities, your personal data (such as name, surname, e-mail address, phone number) may be hashed and encrypted before being shared with social network platforms including Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube and any other similar platforms ("Social Networks") to make our business more responsive to your interests and those of like-minded consumers. In this regard, the Social Networks will create "Custom Audiences" (where targeted ads are sent to people on the relevant Social Networks who are already our customers or potential customers). As far as "Lookalike Audiences" is concerned (where targeted ads are sent to people on the relevant Social Networks who appear to have shared interests or similar demographics to our existing customers or potential customers) please note that we collect only the information provided by the Social Networks according to their privacy policy when you click on the ads displayed on the Social Networks; we do not have access to the identity of anybody in the "Lookalike Audiences", unless they choose to click on such ads. The legal basis for these activities is your consent (Article 6, par. 1, let. a of the GDPR). You may revoke your consent at any time according to the methods provided within sections 5 and a below, in which case we will remove your personal data from our Custom Audience list. You may refer to Social Networks to know more about their privacy policies relating to the data and consents you may have provided to them.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you subscribe to the Ferrari Newsletter. When you subscribe to the Ferrari newsletter, we will collect your personal identifiers (email address) and your preferences on the newsletters you wish to receive. We use this personal data to send you the newsletters as requested. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR). You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our consent and newsletters management page where you can opt-out of our newsletters.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you subscribe to "The Official Ferrari Magazine". When you subscribe to "The Official Ferrari Magazine", we will collect your personal identifiers (name, email address, physical address, telephone number, and date of birth). We use this personal data to send you "The Official Ferrari Magazine" as requested. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR). We do not have access to the payment information you will use for this service.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you make a report to the Anti-Counterfeiting Program. When you make a report to the Ferrari Anticounterfeiting Program, we collect your personal identifiers (first name, last name, date of birth) and your contact information (physical address, e-mail and phone number). This personal data is used to process your report and, if all criteria are met, to send you a thank you gadget. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of the service you requested (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR). If you wish to submit an anonymous report, you can do so by clicking the corresponding box at the beginning of the procedure. If you choose to report anonymously, we will not collect your personal data.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you live Chat (if available). Through the Live Chat tool, you can communicate via text messages with us and with our authorized dealer network for any enquires regarding current model range, pre-owned vehicles, service and support while browsing dealer and Ferrari Approved websites. When you access and use the Live Chat tool, your browser will automatically transmit the following anonymous data at the beginning of your session: viewed pages, your IP address, the last time you were online, your browser's user agent, your location (latitude and longitude with city level accuracy, based on the IP address). Such data are processed to ensure and maintain the operation and security of our services. In this context, we also process the data, without identifying the specific person to whom it relates, for analysis purposes. In the event that the conversation of the Live Chat service is re-routed to the authorized dealer and if the dealer is temporarily unavailable, you will be asked to provide us with your contact information so that we can elaborate your request/ direct it to the dealer and contact you later on. If you were to provide any other personal information via Live Chat in addition to the above, including photos, you would do so on a voluntary basis. Live Chat offers the possibility to have video calls with us. In this regard, we inform you that you can still take advantage of this service if you choose to keep your Live Chat camera turned off. Please note that if you will not provide your personal information, when requested, this may prevent you from benefiting from the Live Chat service. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR). 
Ferrari may also use the personal data we collect as described in this section to improve our products and services, to comply with the law, to efficiently maintain our business, and for other limited circumstances as described in section "HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA". This is part of our legitimate interest in the performance of our contractual obligations, protection of legal rights, and compliance with legal obligations. Ferrari may also deidentify or aggregate the personal data for benchmarking purposes.
Information Collected Automatically. 
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
In addition to the personal data you provide directly, we may also collect information from you automatically as you use our Websites. This information includes the following internet or other electronic network activity information and location information: usage information. This includes information regarding your interaction with our Websites, such as which pages you visit, the frequency of access, how much time you spend on each page, what you click on while on the Websites, and referring website addresses.
In addition to the personal data you provide directly, we may also collect information from you automatically as you use our Websites. This information includes the following internet or other electronic network activity information and location information: device information. This includes certain information about your device that you use to access our Websites, such as browser type, browser language, hardware model, operating system, and your preferences. For the MyFerrari mobile application, we will also assign a unique identifier to your mobile device.
In addition to the personal data you provide directly, we may also collect information from you automatically as you use our Websites. This information includes the following internet or other electronic network activity information and location information: location information. This includes information about your location, which may be determined through your IP address.
To collect this information, we use cookies and other tracking technologies. A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website, when visited by a user, asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and are called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies, which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting, for our advertising and marketing efforts.
To control the information collected about you using cookies and other technologies see our Cookie Policy. Particular third-party cookies on our Websites to note include google Analytics 4. We use Google Analytics 4 to collect information on your use of the Websites to improve our Websites. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics 4 may set cookies on your browser, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics 4 may also receive information about you from applications you have downloaded that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics 4 with personally identifiable information. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics 4 about your visits to our Websites or to another application which partners with Google is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy available here. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics 4, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics which can be found here.
DoubleClick. We utilize DoubleClick by Google to serve ads based on a user's prior visit to our Websites. Each visitor to our Site receives a different cookie and the information collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics and allows us to see the total number of individuals who clicked on our ads. The DoubleClick cookie is used by Google in the ads served on the websites of its partners, such as websites participating in Google certified ad networks. DoubleClick enables Google and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to our Websites and other websites on the Internet. Please review Google's privacy policy for additional information on how Google uses the information collected. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the CCPA. To opt-out of this sharing and targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google's ad settings. You may also install the DoubleClick opt-out add-on.
Google Ads. We use Google Ads to deliver advertisements to you and to track whether you have interacted with an advertisement we have placed elsewhere on the internet. Google Ads stores a conversion tracking cookie on your device when you click on our advertisement. The information obtained through the cookie is used to generate statistics and allows us to see the total number of users who clicked on our advertisements. We also use Google Ads to present to users of our Websites advertisements across the internet and within the Google advertising network based on their visits to our Websites. For more information, please review Google's privacy policy available here. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the CCPA. To opt-out of this sharing and targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google's ad settings.
Facebook Pixel / TikTok Pixel. Ferrari uses Facebook Pixel and TikTok Pixel (jointly "Pixels") to customize our advertising and to serve you ads on your social media based on your browsing behavior. This allows your behavior to be tracked after you have been redirected to the Website by clicking on the Facebook and TikTok ad. The Pixels store a cookie on your device to enable us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook and TikTok ads for statistical and market research purposes. Ferrari does not have access to the information collected through the Pixels. However, the information collected via the Pixels, on the Website as well as other websites on which the Pixels are installed, is also stored and processed by Facebook and by TikTok. Facebook and TikTok may link this information to your Facebook / TikTok account and also use it for its own promotional purposes in accordance with Facebook's Data Usage Policy as well as with TikTok's Privacy Policy. The Pixels also allow Facebook and TikTok and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside of Facebook and TikTok. To opt-out of this sharing and displaying of Facebook ads, visit your Facebook Ad Settings, and you can clear and control the information third parties share with Facebook in your Off-Facebook Activity page. To opt-out of this sharing and displaying of TikTok ads, visit their Privacy Policy and Web Cookies Policy. If you do not have a Facebook / TikTok account, you can opt-out of Facebook and Tik Tok ads through the Digital Advertising Alliance here.
Bing Ads. Bing Ads is a remarketing service provided by Microsoft. We use Bing Ads to service you advertisements based on your past visits to the Websites. You can learn more about the privacy practices of Microsoft here. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the CCPA. To opt-out of this sharing and of Bing Ads you can follow the instructions here.
Infinity Tracking. Infinity tracking uses an advanced visitor level call tracking solution, which means it will, subject to your consent to our functional / performance cookies, track every visitor to our Website and all interactions with the Website, so that Infinity Tracking can determine when a visitor calls us what marketing source or sources they came from (e.g. Social campaign, Paid Advertising). You can learn more about the privacy practices of Infinity Tracking here. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the CCPA. To opt-out of this sharing and of Infinity Tracking, you can follow the instructions here.
Information Collected through other sources.
Social media listening ("SML"). From time to time, we may use SML tools to extract information (e.g. users' comments concerning Ferrari, username etc.) from web sources (e.g. blogs, forums etc.) and social media channels. This activity is based on our legitimate interest to find insights into our brand's visibility on social media channels as well as to assess the impact of our web campaigns (Article 6, par. 1, let. f of the GDPR). For this purpose, we may process only publicly available information and derive statistical analysis from it.
Social networks. If you interact with us through social network platforms including Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube and any other similar platforms ("Social Networks") when you complete specific forms (e.g. request of information etc.) and when you interact with our official Social Network pages / profiles, we may receive from Social Networks your personal data (e.g. e-mail, name, surname, country of origin, address, street number, town, postcode, city, telephone number), data relating to your vehicle (e.g. current model brand, next vehicle purchase), your interactions on the Social Networks (e.g. post that you like, private messages you may send us etc.). According to the settings you have chosen on your Social Networks profile, we may be able to receive additional data such as your age, groups you have joined, etc. that may lead us in certain cases to identify you. We may process your data to reply to your posts, requests and queries, to perform statistical analyses and market research on the users who interact with our pages and our websites as well as for marketing activities as described in section if you opt-in. 
Furthermore, in the event that you choose to register on the Websites through your Social Network account, we will receive some personal data from the Social Network of your choice (e.g. email, password, name, surname, date of birth, gender, job role, country, citizenship, address, telephone). The legal basis for this processing is the execution of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR).
Please note that this section only refers to Ferrari's data processing. We are not liable in case of any unauthorized disclosure of your information by third-party social media channels, in breach of the options you have selected thereto and any consents you have provided. You may refer to such third-party social media channels websites and Social Networks to know more about their privacy policies relating to the data and consents you may have provided to them.
Ferrari Partners. In the event that you take part in initiatives or events organized by our commercial partners and / or request the latter to provide a service to you, we may receive your personal data to follow up on the requested service and / or the activities envisaged in the scope of the initiative or event (e.g. we could reward the winners of a competition organized by our commercial partners, etc.). The legal basis for this processing is the execution of our contract with you (Article 6, par. 1, let. b of the GDPR). 
04
RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
General Sharing 
Ferrari may need to make the personal data identified in this Privacy Notice available within Ferrari, with service providers, or with other third parties. These instances include within Ferrari. We may share your personal data with Ferrari subsidiaries for legitimate business purposes and general business management. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in carrying out our business efficiently. Upon your consent, we may also share your personal data within the Ferrari Group Companies for marketing purposes. You may revoke your consent at any time.
With Service Providers. We may share your personal data with entities, including with our service providers that assist us in providing the Websites. The legal basis is our legitimate interest in providing the Websites efficiently. These service providers include communication providers, web-hosting providers, IT support, our customer management platform, shipping providers, payment processors, call center providers, marketing providers, and e-commerce providers. 
With Third Parties. We may need to disclose your personal data to third parties, such as legal advisors, law enforcement agencies, or governmental/regulatory bodies in order to protect our legal interests and other rights, protect against fraud or other illegal activities, prevent harm, for risk management purposes, and to comply with our legal obligations. The legal basis for this is compliance with the law, compliance with legal obligations, and our legitimate interest in the protection of the rights of others. 
In the Event of a Corporate Reorganization. In the event that we enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, consolidation, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, we would share personal data with third parties, including the buyer or target (and their agents and advisors) for the purpose of facilitating and completing the transaction. We would also share personal data with third parties if we undergo bankruptcy or liquidation, in the course of such proceedings. 
With Your Consent. Apart from the reasons identified above, we may request your permission to share your personal data for a specific purpose. We will notify you and request consent before you provide the Personal data or before the personal data you have already provided is shared for such purpose. You may revoke your consent at any time.
Sharing in the Last Twelve Months 
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve months, Ferrari has disclosed the following categories of personal data for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: we have disclosed your personal identifiers, internet and other network activity information, and customer records information to service providers that perform services on our behalf. These service providers include our e-commerce provider, communication providers, web-hosting providers, IT support, our customer management platform, shipping providers, payment processors, call center providers, and marketing providers.
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve months, Ferrari has disclosed the following categories of personal data for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: we have disclosed your internet or other electronic network information and location information to our IT support to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and to identify and repair Websites errors that impair functionality.
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve months, Ferrari has disclosed the following categories of personal data for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: we have disclosed your internet or other electronic network information and location information to our IT support to maintain, improve, and upgrade the Websites.
05
YOUR DATA CHOICES
Correct or View Your Information. You may access your Ferrari owner's account to correct or view certain personal data you have provided to us and which is associated with your account. Online Advertising. To opt-out of interest based advertising generally or to learn more about the use of this information by our service providers you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. For European users, please visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance here. Marketing Emails. You may opt-out of receiving marketing emails from us by clicking the "unsubscribe" link provided with each email. Please note that we will continue to send you notifications necessary to the Websites, your account, or requested products or services. Device Location Settings. You may prevent your mobile device from sharing your location data by adjusting the permissions on your mobile device or within the MyFerrari mobile application. Uninstall MyFerrari. You can stop all further collection of your personal data by the MyFerrari mobile application by uninstalling the mobile application.
06
GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
Right of Individuals Under the GDPR
If our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Access. You have the right to ask Ferrari for copies of your personal data. This right has some exceptions, which means you may not always receive all personal data we process.
If our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Rectification. You have the right to ask Ferrari to rectify personal data you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
If our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Erasure. You have the right to ask Ferrari to erase your personal data in certain circumstances.
If our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Restrict Processing. You have the right to ask Ferrari to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances. See section "YOUR DATA CHOICES AND THE POSSIBLE CONSEQUENCES OF FAILURE TO PROVIDE YOUR DATA" for additional ways you can restrict processing of your personal data.
If our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Object to Processing. You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to processing of your personal data, which is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests. See section "YOUR DATA CHOICES AND THE POSSIBLE CONSEQUENCES OF FAILURE TO PROVIDE YOUR DATA" as well as our Cookie Policy for additional ways you can object to processing of your personal data.
If our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Data Portability. You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal data you gave us from one organization to another, or give it to you in a structured, ordinarily used, and readable format.
If our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Lodge a Complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
To exercise your rights, you may submit a request in writing to Ferrari S.p. A., via Abetone Inferiore 4, Maranello (MO), Italy or through the GDPR interactive webform.
Personal Data Transfer Outside of the European Economic Area
Within its contractual relations, Ferrari may transfer personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). In the event personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, Ferrari will use appropriate contractual measures to guarantee an adequate protection of personal data, including implementation of agreements based on the standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission. 
07
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section supplements the other portions of this policy and applies solely to the personal information collected online about California consumers. This section is intended to address the relevant notice requirements of the CCPA.
Your information, sources and purposes: Please refer to the sections headed "Collection of Your Personal Data" and our Cookie Policy for a description of the personal information we may collect about you (or have collected in the preceding 12 months) and the sources of such information (such as directly from you and your device). These sections also describe the purposes for which we may use or have used such information. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for any reason other than those permitted by California Civil Code section 1798.121(a) and the associated regulations. To the extent we process deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law.
Definition of "third parties": under privacy regulations other than CCPA, service providers might be defined as 'third parties', albeit with a different meaning than that accorded to them by CCPA. In other sections of this privacy policy, the term "third parties" might have the meaning of service provider with regard to CCPA.
Disclosing your information: We have not disclosed your personal information to any third parties in the last twelve months, except as described below in connection with selling or sharing information. Please note that under privacy regulations other than CCPA, the term "sharing" might have a different meaning than the one accorded by CCPA. In other sections of this privacy policy, the term "sharing" might have the meaning of 'disclosure' with regard to CCPA.
Selling your information/sharing your information for cross-context behavioral advertising: We do not sell or share your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation. As described in our Cookie Policy, we may allow certain third parties (such as certain advertising partners) to collect your personal information via automated technologies on our platforms in an effort to serve you content and advertisements that may be of interest to you. We also may disclose your personal information, such as your email address, with third parties to help support our marketing activities. In the preceding twelve months, we have disclosed your internet or other electronic network activity information collected via cookies to data analytics providers and ad networks. This may be considered a sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising under the CCPA. You have the right to opt out of this disclosure of your information, as described below. Ferrari does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares personal information of minors under the age of sixteen years.
To the extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the following rights: right to Access. You have the right to request we provide you the categories or specific pieces of personal data Ferrari collected; the purpose why we collected, shared, or sold that information; the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information; the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed your personal information; the categories of personal information we sold or shared; the categories of third parties to whom we sold or shared your information; and the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose. You may make a request for access twice within a twelve month period.
To the extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the following rights: right to Deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data that Ferrari collects or maintains, subject to certain exceptions.
To the extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the following rights: right to Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information or sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. You can opt-out of cookie-based selling/sharing by clicking here or broadcasting the Global Privacy Control signal. For more information about how to use the Global Privacy Control signal, please see website_url_lnk In addition, you can opt out of other types of selling/sharing as further described in the CCPA Opt-out Page. Your opt-out will be specific to the browser and device you are using and will apply to the website domain on which you submit the request. If you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device to access the site, please submit a new request to re-apply your opt-out choice. You may opt-out of the cookies by following the instructions in our Cookie Policy.
To the extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the following rights: right to Non-Discrimination. You have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment if and when you exercise your rights to access, correct, delete, or opt-out under the CCPA. 
To exercise your right to access or delete your personal data, you may submit a verifiable consumer request: by email at privacy2@ferrari.com; by telephone at 1-877-933-7727; or through the CCPA interactive webform.
To opt-out of the sale of your personal data via cookies, please follow the instructions in our Cookie Policy or submit a request through the CCPA interactive webform.
Except for to opt-out, you must provide us with sufficient information (i.e. name, surname and e-mail address) that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected the personal data and describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly evaluate and respond to it. If we are not able to verify your identity for access and deletion requests with the information provided, we may ask you for additional pieces of information.. The interactive webform contains the information that we need to verify your identity and review your request.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal data. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of another individual, you must provide us with signed documentation that you are authorized to act on behalf of that individual.
08
NEVADA RESIDENTS
If you are a consumer in the State of Nevada, you may request to opt-out of the current or future sale of certain of your personal data. We do not currently sell any of your personal data under Nevada law, nor do we plan to do so in the future. If you have any questions regarding our data privacy practices, or would like to opt-out of the future sale of your personal data, please contact us at privacy2@ferrari.com. 
09
RETENTION
The personal data processed by Ferrari will be retained for the period deemed strictly necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was provided. However, Ferrari may continue to store personal data for a longer period, as may be necessary to protect Ferrari's interests related to potential liability related to our services and the Websites. Ferrari will keep personal data for the purposes of marketing and profiling for ten years from the provision of your personal data for marketing and profiling purposes unless you withdraw your consent. Once your consent is withdrawn, personal data may no longer be processed for marketing or profiling purposes by may still be retained for the purpose of handling any disputes and litigation. Information collected via cookies will be kept for periods as indicated in our Cookie Policy.
10
DO NOT TRACK
We do not respond to Do Not Track ("DNT") requests. Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform Websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
11
INFORMATION SECURITY
To protect your personal data from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure, we have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures. These security measures include encryption, access controls, and anti-virus and anti-malware protection. However, no security measure or modality of data transmission is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the personal data we have collected from you.
12
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
The Websites and the services offered thereon are not intended for individuals under the age of eighteen years. If we learn that we have collected or received personal data from individuals under the age of eighteen (18), we will delete the personal data. If you believe we have personal data on individuals under the age of eighteen (18), please contact us at the contact information provided below.
13
AMENDMENT OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is subject to change. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and will indicate the date the changes go into effect. Please check back frequently and review the Privacy Policy for any changes. If we make any changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will notify you via email or by prominent posting on our Websites. 
This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 10, 2023.
14
LINK TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Third party websites accessible from this website are under the third party responsibility. The Company declines all responsibility concerning requests and provision of personal data to third party websites.
15
CONTACT
For questions, please contact Ferrari at data Protection Officer
Legal and Corporate Affairs 
Ferrari S.p. A. 
privacy2@ferrari.com
Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Notice, Sales
This Privacy Notice ("Privacy Notice") describes Ferrari S.p. A's ("Ferrari") practices in connection with the collection and use of your personal data when you engage with an authorized Ferrari dealership ("Authorized Dealer") during your purchase of a Ferrari product or service. This Privacy Notice is drafted in compliance with the legislation on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data under EU Regulation 2016/679 (hereinafter referred to as "GDPR") as well as in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA").
This Privacy Notice will explain the personal data we collect in connection with your purchase or service.
This Privacy Notice will explain the purpose for the processing of your personal data.
This Privacy Notice will explain with whom we share your personal data.
This Privacy Notice will explain your rights with respect to your personal data. 
This Privacy Notice will explain how to contact us with any questions or concerns.
01
APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Authorized Dealer's own privacy practices. Please refer directly to the particular Authorized Dealer's privacy policy for more information. 
To learn more about Ferrari's information collection practices generally, please see the Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Policy and the Ferrari Store Privacy Policy. For information on Ferrari's information collection practices in relation to after-sales activities, please see our After-Sales Privacy Notice.
02
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE
Ferrari will collect certain personal data when you purchase a Ferrari product or service at an Authorized Dealer. Personal information is any information that identifies you or relates to you as an identifiable individual. 
Ferrari, as data controller, may process personal data in hardcopy, by automated or electronic means (including via mail and e-mail), phone (automated phone calls, SMS, MMS), fax, and any other means. The provision of personal data by you is option. However, any refusal to provide the personal data necessary for the below services will result in Ferrari being unable to perform the requested services. The refusal to provide personal data for marketing or profiling purposes will in no way prevent Ferrari from providing services. 
Ferrari will collect personal data about you from the Authorized Dealer to comply with requirements related to warranties and product safety. Ferrari will collect and use your personal identifiers (name, address, telephone number, and company contact information, if applicable, and Vehicle Identification Number) to comply with contractual obligations and legal requirements related to warranties, product safety (e.g. recall campaigns). The legal basis for this processing is compliance with legal obligations.
Ferrari will collect personal data about you from the Authorized Dealer to comply with other legal requirements. Ferrari may need to use the personal data identified in this section to comply with applicable law, including eCall 112 (where applicable), tax, accounting, and fiscal requirements, and to respond to legal processes, such as subpoenas, to pursue legal rights, defend litigation, or comply with requests from law enforcement or regulatory authorities. The legal basis for this processing is compliance with legal obligations.
Engage in marketing. If you opt in, Ferrari will collect and use your personal identifiers (name, date of birth, address, telephone number, and email address), your commercial information (products or services purchased), and inferences drawn (your preferences) to send you information on Ferrari products and services that we feel may be of interest of you and engage in market research. With your consent, we will also share this personal data with Ferrari affiliates and subsidiaries ("Ferrari Group Companies") so that Ferrari Group Companies can send you commercial or marketing communications on products or services that may be of interest to you. You can opt-out of receiving these marketing communications by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to Ferrari's consent management page where you can opt-out of receiving marketing communications. The legal basis for this is your consent.
Improve our products and services via profiling. Ferrari collects and use your personal identifiers (name, date of birth, address, telephone number, and email address) and inferences drawn to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences and your purchase history to analyze behavior through automated processing methods to enhance customer experience and improve our products and services. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. 
Perform authorized dealer internal audits. Ferrari collects and uses your personal identifiers (name and Vehicle Identification Number) to perform audits on our authorized Ferrari dealerships. The legal basis for this processing is Ferrari's legitimate interest in performance of our contractual obligations. 
Perform customer satisfaction surveys. If you agree to participate (this is optional), Ferrari collects your personal identifiers (name, email address, and telephone number to perform customer satisfaction surveys related to the quality of Ferrari sales services. The legal basis for this processing is Ferrari's legitimate interest in the improvement and quality of our services. 
Provide assistance. Ferrari collects your personal identifiers (name, telephone number, unique customer ID, email address, and Vehicle Identification Number) to provide you with assistance through our Ferrari dealership and service network, or to respond to your questions or inquiries. The legal basis for this processing is performance of our contract with you. 
Photographs and image. With your consent, Ferrari will also collect and store your image and photograph in order to improve customer experience and customer management. 
Send technical or organizational related communications. Ferrari collects your personal identifiers (name and email address) to send you communications necessary for your purchase of Ferrari products or services, such as warranty deadlines. The legal basis for this processing is performance of our contract with you.
If you view this Privacy Notice on our website, we will also collect from you automatically through cookies and similar technologies your internet and other electronic network activity information (such as your IP address, usage information, device information, and browsing patterns and actions). For information on how we use your personal data when you use our website, please see the Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
03
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Ferrari may need to make the personal data identified in this Privacy Notice available within Ferrari, with service providers, or with other third parties in limited circumstances as follows general Sharing
Within Ferrari. We may share personal data with Ferrari Group Companies for legitimate business purposes and general business management. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in carrying out our business efficiently. With your consent, we will also share your personal data so that Ferrari Group Companies can send you commercial or marketing communications on products or services that may be of interest to you. 
With Service Providers. We may share your personal data with our service providers that assist us in providing sales services, such as software providers, IT support, customer service, communication providers, and travel agencies. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in providing services efficiently. 
With Third Parties. We may need to disclose some of your personal data to third parties, such as legal advisors, law enforcement agencies, or governmental/regulatory bodies in order to protect our legal interests and other rights, protect against fraud or other illegal activities, for risk management purposes, and to comply with our legal obligations. The legal basis for this is compliance with the law, compliance with legal obligations, and our legitimate interest in the protection of the rights of others. 
During a Corporate Reorganization. In the event that we enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, consolidation, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, we may share your personal data. This legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in carrying out our business operations. 
Sharing in the Last Twelve Months
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve months, Ferrari has disclosed the following categories of personal data for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: we have disclosed your personal identifiers to service providers that perform services on our behalf. These service providers include our as software providers, IT support, customer service, communication providers, and travel agencies. 
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve months, Ferrari has disclosed the following categories of personal data for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: at your direction, we disclose your personal identifiers to Ferrari Group Companies to provide you with commercial or marketing communications. 
For Sale. Ferrari does not sell the personal data associated with this Privacy Notice. 
04
RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE GDPR
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Access. You have the right to ask Ferrari for copies of your personal data. This right has some exceptions, which means you may not always receive all personal data we process.
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Rectification. You have the right to ask Ferrari to rectify personal data you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete. 
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Erasure. You have the right to ask Ferrari to erase your personal data in certain circumstances. 
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Restrict Processing. You have the right to ask Ferrari to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances. 
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Object to Processing. You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to processing of your personal data, which is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests. 
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Data Portability. You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal data you gave us from one organization to another, or give it to you in a structured, ordinarily used, and readable format. 
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Lodge a Complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. 
To exercise your rights, you may submit a request in writing to Ferrari S.p. A., via Abetone Inferiore 4, Maranello (MO), Italy or by email at privacy@ferrari.com. 
05
RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE CCPA
To the extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the rights listed below right to Access. You have the right to request what personal data we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold about you within the preceding twelve months. You may make a request for access twice within a twelve month period.
To the extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the rights listed below right to Deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data that we collect or maintain, subject to certain exceptions. 
To the extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the rights listed below right to Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data to third parties. Ferrari does not have actual knowledge that it sells personal data of minors under the age of sixteen years. 
To the extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the rights listed below right to Non-Discrimination. You have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment if and when you exercise your rights to access, delete, or opt-out under the CCPA. 
To exercise your right to access or delete your personal data, you may submit a request by email at privacy@ferrari.com or by telephone at 1-877-933-7727. 
For requests submitted via telephone or email, you must provide us with sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected the personal data and describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly evaluate and respond to it. If we are not able to verify your identity for access and deletion requests with the information provided, we may ask you for additional pieces of information. 
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal data. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of another individual, you must provide us with signed documentation that you are authorized to act on behalf of that individual.
06
DATA TRANSFER OUTSIDE OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
Within our contractual relations, Ferrari may transfer personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Processing is bound to the purposes of the processing identified here and is carried out in accordance with applicable data protection laws. In the event personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, Ferrari will use appropriate contractual measures to guarantee an adequate protection of personal data, including implementation of agreements based on the standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission.
07
DATA RETENTION
Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular until Ferrari learns that the car is scrapped for the purposes of vehicle maintenance and safety as well as the safety of Ferrari customers (e.g. recall campaigns, etc.).
Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular for ten years, from the date of the submission of the consent for processing your image, unless the consent is revoked. In the event of a revocation, your image may no longer be processed for the purposes mentioned but may still be kept for the purpose of handling any disputes and litigation.
Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular for ten years, from the provision of personal data for the purposes of marketing and profiling, unless revoked consent. In the event of revocation, personal data may no longer be processed for the purposes mentioned but may still be stored for the purpose of handling any disputes and litigation; 
Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular for ten years, in compliance with the requirements of the law on accounting and taxation, unless local regulations establish a different term for Authorized Dealers or Ferrari.
Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular for the time necessary to satisfy your requests or to manage any claims and litigation; and 
Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular vehicle and vehicle owner personal data is processed by the eCall 112 system according to the same emergency service methods based on the 112 number and is kept in the control unit only for the time necessary for managing the eCall emergency call. In any case, the personal data is stored for no more than thirteen hours from the moment an eCall emergency is started. The personal data of the internal memory of the eCall system is automatically and continuously deleted. 
08
FOR MORE INFORMATION
You may ask Ferrari for further information on personal data processing activities to data controller: Ferrari S.p. A., with registered office in via Emilia Est, n. 1163, Modena, Italy, headquartered in via Abetone Inferiore, n. 4, Maranello, Italy.
You may ask Ferrari for further information on personal data processing activities to data Protection Officer: privacy@ferrari.com
To learn more about our information collection practices generally, please see our Privacy Policy. For any questions or concerns, please contact Ferrari at privacy@ferrari.com. 
09
AMENDMENT OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice is subject to change. Changes to the Privacy Notice will be posted on this page and will indicate the date the changes go into effect. Please check back frequently and review the Privacy Notice for any changes. If we make any changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will notify you via email or by prominent posting on our Websites. This Privacy Notice was last updated on July 29, 2020.
Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Notice, After Sales
This Privacy Notice ("Privacy Notice") describes Ferrari S.p. A's ("Ferrari") practices in connection with the collection and use of your information for Ferrari after-sales services at an authorized Ferrari repairer ("Authorized Repairer"). This Privacy Notice is drafted in compliance with the legislation on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data under EU Regulation 2016/679 (hereinafter referred to as "GDPR") as well as in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA").
This Privacy Notice will explain the personal data we collect in connection with after-sales services. 
This Privacy Notice will explain the purpose for the processing of your personal data.
This Privacy Notice will explain with whom we share your personal data.
This Privacy Notice will explain your rights with respect to your personal data. 
This Privacy Notice will explain how to contact us with any questions or concerns.
01
APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Authorized Repairer's own privacy practices. Please refer directly to the particular Authorized Repairer's privacy policy for more information. 
To learn more about Ferrari's information collection practices generally, please see the Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Policy and the Ferrari Store Privacy Policy. For information on Ferrari's information collection practices in relation to sales activities, please see our Sales Privacy Notice.
02
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE
Ferrari will collect certain information about you from the repairer when you utilize after-sales services at an Authorized Repairer. Personal data is any information that identifies you or relates to you as an identifiable individual. 
Ferrari, as data controller, may process personal data in hardcopy, by automated or electronic means (including via mail and e-mail), phone (automated phone calls, SMS, MMS), fax, and any other means. The provision of personal data by you is option. However, any refusal to provide the personal data necessary for the below services will result in Ferrari being unable to perform the requested services. The refusal to provide personal data for marketing or profiling purposes will in no way prevent Ferrari from providing services. 
Ferrari will collect personal data about you from the Authorized Repairer to provide the requested after-sales service and assistance to you. Ferrari collects your personal identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, and Vehicle Identification Number) to provide the requested after-sales service, such as maintenance and warranty repairs. The legal basis for this processing is performance of Ferrari's contract with you.
Respond to your questions or inquiries. Ferrari collects your personal identifiers (name, telephone number, and email address) to respond to your questions or inquiries. The legal basis for this processing is performance of Ferrari's contract with you. 
Send technical and organizational service related communications. Ferrari collects your personal identifiers (name and email address) to send you communications necessary to your after-sales services, such as warranty coverage deadlines. The legal basis for this processing is performance of Ferrari's contract with you. 
Perform authorized repairer internal audits. Ferrari collects and uses your personal identifiers (name and Vehicle Identification Number) and commercial information (invoices, products or services purchased and work orders) to perform audits on our Authorized Repairer. The legal basis for this processing is Ferrari's legitimate interest in performance of its contractual obligations.
Perform customer satisfaction surveys. If you choose to participate (this is voluntary), Ferrari collects your personal identifiers (name, email address, and telephone number) to perform customer satisfaction surveys related to the quality of Ferrari after-sales services. The legal basis for this processing is Ferrari's legitimate interest in the improvement and quality of our services. 
Engage in marketing. If you opt in, Ferrari collects and uses your personal identifiers (name, date of birth, address, telephone number, and email address), your commercial information (products or services purchased), and inferences drawn (your preferences) to send you information on Ferrari products and services that we feel may be of interest of you and engage in market research. With your consent, we will also share this personal data with Ferrari affiliates and subsidiaries ("Ferrari Group Companies") so that Ferrari Group Companies can send you commercial or marketing communications on products or services that may be of interest to you. You can opt-out of receiving these marketing communications by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to Ferrari's consent management page where you can opt-out of receiving marketing communications. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. 
Improve our products services via profiling. Ferrari collects and uses your personal identifiers (name, date of birth, address, telephone number, and email address) and inferences drawn from you to create a profile of your preferences on Ferrari products and services to analyze behavior through automated processing methods to enhance customer experience and improve our products and services. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. 
Comply with requirements related to warranties and product safety. Ferrari collects and uses your personal identifiers (name, address, telephone number, and company contact information, if applicable, and Vehicle Identification Number) to comply with contractual obligations and legal requirements related to warranties, product safety, and recall campaigns. The legal basis for this processing is Ferrari's compliance with its legal obligations.
Comply with other legal requirements. Ferrari may need to use the personal data identified in this section to comply with applicable law, including eCall 112 (if applicable) tax, accounting, and fiscal requirements, and to respond to legal processes, such as subpoenas, to pursue legal rights, defend litigation, or comply with requests from law enforcement or regulatory authorities. The legal basis for this processing is Ferrari's compliance with its legal obligations.
If you view this Privacy Notice on our website, we will also collect from you automatically through cookies and similar technologies your internet and other electronic network activity information (such as your IP address, usage information, device information, and browsing patterns and actions). For information on how we use your personal data when you use our website, please see the Ferrari S.p. A. Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
03
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Ferrari may need to make the personal data identified in this Privacy Notice available within Ferrari, with service providers, or with other third parties in limited circumstances as follows general Sharing
Within Ferrari. We may share personal data with Ferrari Group Companies for legitimate business purposes and general business management. The legal basis for this is Ferrari's legitimate interest in carrying out its business efficiently. With your consent, we will also share your personal data so that Ferrari Group Companies can send you commercial or marketing communications on products or services that may be of interest to you. 
With Service Providers. We disclose your personal data to entities that provide support services to us, such as Ferrari dealerships, software providers, IT support providers, call center providers, communication providers, and travel agencies. The legal basis for this is Ferrari's legitimate interest in providing after-sales services efficiently. 
With Third Parties. We may need to disclose some of your personal data to third parties, such as legal advisors, law enforcement agencies, or governmental/regulatory bodies in order to protect our legal interests and other rights, protect against fraud or other illegal activities, for risk management purposes, and to comply with our legal obligations. The legal basis for this is compliance with the law, compliance with legal obligations, and our legitimate interest in the protection of the rights of others. 
During a Corporate Reorganization. In the event that we enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, consolidation, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, we may share your personal data. This legal basis for this processing is Ferrari's legitimate interest in carrying out its business operations. 
Sharing in the Last Twelve Months
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve months, Ferrari has disclosed the following categories of personal data for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: we have disclosed your personal identifiers to service providers that perform services on our behalf. These service providers include our software providers, IT support, customer service, communication providers and travel agencies. 
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve months, Ferrari has disclosed the following categories of personal data for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: at your direction, we disclose your personal identifiers to Ferrari Group Companies to provide you with commercial or marketing communications. 
For a Sale. Ferrari does not sell the personal data associated with this Privacy Notice. 
04
RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE GDPR
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Access. You have the right to ask Ferrari for copies of your personal data. This right has some exceptions, which means you may not always receive all personal data we process.
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Rectification. You have the right to ask Ferrari to rectify personal data you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete. 
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Erasure. You have the right to ask Ferrari to erase your personal data in certain circumstances. 
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Restrict Processing. You have the right to ask Ferrari to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances. 
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Object to Processing. You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to processing of your personal data, which is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests. 
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Data Portability. You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal data you gave us from one organization to another, or give it to you in a structured, ordinarily used, and readable format. 
To the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: right to Lodge a Complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. 
To exercise your rights, you may submit a request in writing to Ferrari S.p. A., via Abetone Inferiore 4, Maranello (MO), Italy or by email at privacy@ferrari.com. 
05
RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE CCPA
To the extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the rights listed below right to Access. You have the right to request what personal data we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold about you within the preceding twelve months. You may make a request for access twice within a twelve month period.
To the extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the rights listed below right to Deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data that we collect or maintain, subject to certain exceptions. 
To the extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the rights listed below right to Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data to third parties. Ferrari does not have actual knowledge that it sells personal data of minors under the age of sixteen years. 
To the extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the rights listed below right to Non-Discrimination. You have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment if and when you exercise your rights to access, delete, or opt-out under the CCPA. 
To exercise your right to access or delete your personal data, you may submit a request by email at privacy@ferrari.com or by telephone at 1-877-933-7727. 
For requests submitted via telephone or email, you must provide us with sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected the personal data and describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly evaluate and respond to it. If we are not able to verify your identity for access and deletion requests with the information provided, we may ask you for additional pieces of information. 
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal data. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of another individual, you must provide us with signed documentation that you are authorized to act on behalf of that individual.
06
DATA TRANSFERS OUTSIDE OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
Within our contractual relations, Ferrari may transfer personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Processing is bound to the purposes of the processing identified here and is carried out in accordance with applicable data protection laws. In the event personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, Ferrari will use appropriate contractual measures to guarantee an adequate protection of personal data, including implementation of agreements based on the standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission.
07
DATA RETENTION
Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular until Ferrari learns that the car is scrapped for the purposes of vehicle maintenance and safety as well as the safety of Ferrari customers (e.g. recall campaigns, etc.).
Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular for ten years, from the date of the submission of the consent for processing your image, unless the consent is revoked. In the event of a revocation, your image may no longer be processed for the purposes mentioned but may still be kept for the purpose of handling any disputes and litigation.
Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular for ten years, from the provision of personal data for the purposes of marketing and profiling, unless revoked consent. In the event of revocation, personal data may no longer be processed for the purposes mentioned but may still be stored for the purpose of handling any disputes and litigation; 
Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular for ten years, in compliance with the requirements of the law on accounting and taxation, unless local regulations establish a different term for Authorized Repairers or Ferrari.
Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular for the time necessary to satisfy your requests or to manage any claims and litigation; and 
Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular vehicle and vehicle owner personal data is processed by the eCall 112 system according to the same emergency service methods based on the 112 number and is kept in the control unit only for the time necessary for managing the eCall emergency call. In any case, the personal data is stored for no more than thirteen hours from the moment an eCall emergency is started. The personal data of the internal memory of the eCall system is automatically and continuously deleted.
08
FOR MORE INFORMATION
You may ask Ferrari for further information on personal data processing activities to data controller: Ferrari S.p. A., with registered office in via Emilia Est, n. 1163, Modena, Italy, headquartered in via Abetone Inferiore, n. 4, Maranello, Italy.
You may ask Ferrari for further information on personal data processing activities to data Protection Officer: privacy@ferrari.com.
To learn more about our information collection practices generally, please see our Privacy Policy. For any questions or concerns, please contact Ferrari at privacy@ferrari.com.
09
AMENDMENT OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice is subject to change. Changes to the Privacy Notice will be posted on this page and will indicate the date the changes go into effect. Please check back frequently and review the Privacy Notice for any changes. If we make any changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will notify you via email or by prominent posting on our Websites. This Privacy Notice was last updated on July 29, 2020.
FERRARI NORTH AMERICA INC. PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy describes how Ferrari North America, Inc. ("FNA", "FNA", "us", "our") collects your personal information, how FNA uses this personal information, with whom FNA shares your personal information, and your choices in connection with this.
01
APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected by FNA, as you use FNA websites fnaevents.ferrari.com and events.media.ferrari.com (collectively, the "Websites"), participate in FNA events, or interact with us in any other way.
To learn more about Ferrari's information practices generally, please see the Ferrari S.p. A Privacy Policy and the Ferrari Store Privacy Policy.
02
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
FNA collects personal information, which is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you. FNA collects information from you directly and automatically.
Information You Provide To Us
If you choose to engage in certain services offered by FNA, FNA will collect personal information from you. This includes when you apply for employment. If you apply for employment with 410 Park Display, Inc. we will collect your personal information as detailed in our Applicant Notice. This information includes your identifiers (name, email address, physical address, and telephone number), and your professional or employment information (resume, cover letter, employment history, and educational history). We use this personal information to manage and consider your application with 410 Park Display, Inc. and as necessary to comply with the law.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered by FNA, FNA will collect personal information from you. This includes when you contact us. When you send FNA a question or inquiry, or ask for other support, you will need to provide us with personal identifiers (name and email address), and any other information you choose to provide in your correspondence. FNA uses this personal information to respond to your questions or inquiries, troubleshoot where necessary, and address any issues you have with the Websites or the services offered thereon. 
If you choose to engage in certain services offered by FNA, FNA will collect personal information from you. This includes when you create an FNA events account. If you create an account, FNA will collect your personal identifiers (name, email address, and telephone number). Once your owner account is created, FNA will also store your password. FNA use this personal information to create and manage your account. 
If you choose to engage in certain services offered by FNA, FNA will collect personal information from you. This includes when you enroll in the Ferrari Classiche Certification Program. If you enroll into the Ferrari Classiche Certification Program, FNA will collect your personal identifiers (name, physical address, telephone number, and email address) and commercial information (vehicle purchased, vehicle technical specifications, and vehicle photo). FNA uses this personal information to enroll you into the Ferrari Classiche Certification Program. 
If you choose to engage in certain services offered by FNA, FNA will collect personal information from you. This includes when you participate in test drive events. When you participate in a FNA test drive event, FNA will collect your personal identifiers (name, physical address, telephone number, email address, driver's license number, emergency contact information, and signature). FNA uses this personal information to complete your registration, manage the test drive event, and to ensure the safety of participants. 
If you choose to engage in certain services offered by FNA, FNA will collect personal information from you. This includes when you register for the Corso Pilota program. If you register for the Corso Pilota program, FNA will collect your personal identifiers (name, driver's license number, telephone number, and email address). When you participate in the Corso Pilota program, FNA will also collect visual information (photographs during the program) and the results of your program evaluation. FNA uses this personal information to complete your registration and to manage the program. 
If you choose to engage in certain services offered by FNA, FNA will collect personal information from you. This includes when you register for the Ferrari Challenge. If you register to participate in the Ferrari Challenge, FNA will collect your personal identifiers (name, driver's license number, physical address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, emergency contact information, and signature). FNA uses this personal information to complete your registration, manage the Ferrari Challenge, and to ensure the safety of participants. If you purchase a hospitality pass, our third-party payment processor will collect your payment card information (payment card number, CVV, and expiration date) on our behalf. We use this personal information to manage your purchase and provide the hospitality pass.
If you choose to engage in certain services offered by FNA, FNA will collect personal information from you. This includes when you subscribe to marketing communications. If you opt-in, FNA may also use the personal information described in this section, collected as part of the various interactions listed above, to send you customized marketing communications FNA feel may be of interest to you and engage in market research. You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our consent management page where you can opt-out of our email communications. 
With your consent, FNA may use the personal information as described in this section to improve FNA products and services via profiling. In doing so, FNA will create a profile about your reflecting your preferences and your behavior through automated processing methods. FNA may also use the personal information described in this section to comply with the law, to efficiently maintain our business, and for other limited circumstances as described in HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Information Collected From Authorized Ferrari Dealers
Authorized Ferrari dealers collect certain personal information on behalf of FNA. If you make a purchase at an authorized Ferrari dealer, or visit an authorized Ferrari dealer for repair or service, the dealership will collect on FNA's behalf personal information from you. This is detailed in Ferrari's After-Sales Notice and Sales Notice available here. 
Information Collected Automatically Via Cookies and Tracking Technologies 
In addition to the personal information you provide directly and to that which is collected from Authorized Dealerships, FNA may also collect information from you automatically as you use our Website. This information includes the following internet or other electronic network activity information and location information: usage information. This includes information regarding your interaction with our Websites, such as which pages you visit, the frequency of access, how much time you spend on each page, what you click on while on the Websites, and referring Websites addresses. 
In addition to the personal information you provide directly and to that which is collected from Authorized Dealerships, FNA may also collect information from you automatically as you use our Website. This information includes the following internet or other electronic network activity information and location information: device information. This includes certain information about your device that you use to access our Websites, such as browser type, browser language, hardware model, operating system, and your preferences. 
In addition to the personal information you provide directly and to that which is collected from Authorized Dealerships, FNA may also collect information from you automatically as you use our Website. This information includes the following internet or other electronic network activity information and location information: location information. This includes information about your location, which may be determined through your IP address. 
To collect this information, FNA use cookies and other tracking technologies. Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your browser to your device. Cookies can be persistent (cookies that remain on your device for a set period of time or until you delete them) or session (cookies that are deleted as soon as you close your browser). When you use or access the Websites, FNA and our third party providers may place a number of cookies on your device. These cookies include essential. FNA use essential cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of the Websites and to allow the Websites and its feature to function properly. 
To collect this information, FNA use cookies and other tracking technologies. Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your browser to your device. Cookies can be persistent (cookies that remain on your device for a set period of time or until you delete them) or session (cookies that are deleted as soon as you close your browser). When you use or access the Websites, FNA and our third party providers may place a number of cookies on your device. These cookies include functional. FNA use functional cookies to provide enhanced functionality and personalization, to remember your preferences, to diagnose server and software errors, and in cases of abuse, track and mitigate the abuse.
To collect this information, FNA use cookies and other tracking technologies. Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your browser to your device. Cookies can be persistent (cookies that remain on your device for a set period of time or until you delete them) or session (cookies that are deleted as soon as you close your browser). When you use or access the Websites, FNA and our third party providers may place a number of cookies on your device. These cookies include analytics. FNA use Google Analytics to collect information on your use of the Websites to improve our Websites. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from applications you have downloaded that partner with Google. FNA do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Websites or to another application which partners with Google is restricted by Google's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add on. 
To collect this information, FNA use cookies and other tracking technologies. Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your browser to your device. Cookies can be persistent (cookies that remain on your device for a set period of time or until you delete them) or session (cookies that are deleted as soon as you close your browser). When you use or access the Websites, FNA and our third party providers may place a number of cookies on your device. These cookies include advertising. FNA utilizes DoubleClick by Google to serve ads based on an individual's prior visit to our Websites. Each visitor to our Websites receives a different cookie and the information collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics and allows us to see the total number of individuals who clicked on our ads. DoubleClick enables Google and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to our Websites and other Websites on the Internet. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Please review Google's privacy policy for additional information on how Google uses the information collected. To opt-out of targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google's ad settings. You may also install the DoubleClick opt-out add-on. 
To organize these trackers, FNA uses Google Tag Manager. Google Tag Manager is a tag management system to manage tags used for tracking and analytics. Tags are small code elements that, among other things, are used to manage traffic and visitor behavior and to test and optimize Websites. FNA utilize Google Tag Manager to manage and organize all third-party tags on our Websites and to control when those tags are triggered. View Google Tag Manager's privacy practices for more information. 
ia.ferrari.com (collectively, the "Websites"), participate in FNA events, or interact with us in any other way.
To learn more about Ferrari's information practices generally, please see the Ferrari S.p. A Privacy Policy and the Ferrari Store Privacy Policy.
03
RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
General Sharing 
FNA may need to make the personal information identified in this Privacy Notice available within Ferrari, with service providers, or with other third parties. These instances include within Ferrari. FNA may share your personal information with Ferrari S.p. A and its subsidiaries and affiliates ("Ferrari Group Companies") for legitimate business purposes and general business management. Upon your consent, FNA may also share your personal information within the Ferrari Group Companies for marketing purposes.
With Service Providers. FNA may share your personal information with our service providers that assist us in providing the Websites. These service providers include communication providers, web-hosting providers, IT support, our customer management platform, customer service providers, and marketing providers. 
With Program Accommodations. At your direction, FNA may share your personal information with accommodations providers, including hotel and car service providers, for FNA events. 
With Third Parties. FNA may need to disclose your personal information to third parties, such as legal advisors, law enforcement agencies, or governmental/regulatory bodies in order to protect our legal interests and other rights, protect against fraud or other illegal activities, prevent harm, for risk management purposes, and to comply with our legal obligations. 
In the Event of a Corporate Reorganization. In the event that FNA enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, consolidation, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, FNA would share personal information with third parties, including the buyer or target (and their agents and advisors) for the purpose of facilitating and completing the transaction. FNA would also share personal information with third parties if FNA undergo bankruptcy or liquidation, in the course of such proceedings. 
With Your Consent. Apart from the reasons identified above, FNA may request your permission to share your personal information for a specific purpose. FNA will notify you and request consent before you provide the Personal information or before the personal information you have already provided is shared for such purpose. You may revoke your consent at any time. 
Sharing in the Last Twelve Months 
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding Twelve months, FNA has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: fNA have disclosed your personal identifiers, internet and other network activity information, and customer records information to service providers that perform services on our behalf. These service providers include our communication providers, web-hosting providers, IT support, our customer management platform, customer service providers, and marketing providers.
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding Twelve months, FNA has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: fNA have disclosed your internet or other electronic network information and location information to our IT support to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and to identify and repair errors that impair functionality. 
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding Twelve months, FNA has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: fNA have disclosed your internet or other electronic network information and location information to our IT support to maintain, improve, and upgrade the Websites. 
For a Sale. In the preceding twelve months, FNA has shared your internet or other electronic network activity information collected via cookies to data analytics providers and advertising partners. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of this sharing of your personal information through cookies, please follow the instructions in YOUR INFORMATION CHOICES. 
04
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION CHOICES
Correct or View Your Information. You may access your FNA account to correct or view certain personal information you have provided to us and which is associated with your account. 
Google Analytics. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add on.
DoubleClick. To opt out of targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google's ad settings. You may also install the DoubleClick opt-out add-on. 
Cookies. All session cookies are temporary and expire after you close your web browser. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser's directions. To find out how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or device, and how to reject and delete the cookies, please visit: website_url_lnk Please note that each web browser is different. For information on reviewing or deleting cookies from specific browsers, click on the appropriate browser: Firefox, Firefox IOS, Firefox Android, Safari, Safari Mobile, Chrome, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Opera. To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer's websites. If you reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, some features of our websites may not function properly. If you choose to opt out, FNA will place an "opt-out cookie" on your computer. The "opt-out cookie" is browser specific and device specific and only lasts until cookies are cleared from your browser or device. The opt-out cookie will not work for essential cookies. If the cookie is removed or deleted, if you upgrade your browser or if you visit us from a different computer, you will need to return and update your preferences. 
Marketing Emails. You may unsubscribe from FNA marketing communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our consent management page where you can opt-out of our newsletters. Please note that FNA will continue to send you notifications necessary to the websites, your account, or requested products or services. 
05
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
To the extent the California Consumer Privacy Act applies to the processing of your personal information you would be entitled to the following rights: right to Access. You have the right to request what personal information FNA has collected, used, disclosed, and sold about you within the preceding twelve months. You may make a request for access twice within a twelve month period.
To the extent the California Consumer Privacy Act applies to the processing of your personal information you would be entitled to the following rights: right to Deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information that FNA collects or maintains, subject to certain exceptions. 
To the extent the California Consumer Privacy Act applies to the processing of your personal information you would be entitled to the following rights: right to Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. FNA does not have actual knowledge that it sells personal information of minors under the age of sixteen years. 
To the extent the California Consumer Privacy Act applies to the processing of your personal information you would be entitled to the following rights: right to Non-Discrimination. You have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment if and when you exercise your rights to access, delete, or opt-out under the CCPA. 
To exercise your right to access or delete your personal information, you may submit a consumer request by email at privacy2@ferrari.com or by telephone at 1-877-933-7727. To opt-out of the sale of your personal information via cookies, please follow the instructions in YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION CHOICES. 
For requests submitted via telephone or email, you must provide us with sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom FNA collected the personal information and describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly evaluate and respond to it. If FNA are not able to verify your identity for access and deletion requests with the information provided, FNA may ask you for additional pieces of information. 
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal information. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of another individual, you must provide us with signed documentation that you are authorized to act on behalf of that individual.
06
NEVADA RESIDENTS
If you are a consumer in the State of Nevada, you may request to opt-out of the current or future sale of certain of your personal information. FNA do not currently sell any of your personal information under Nevada law, nor do FNA plan to do so in the future. If you have any questions regarding our data privacy practices, or would like to opt-out of the future sale of your personal information, please contact us at privacy2@ferrari.com. 
07
DO NOT TRACK
FNA do not respond to Do Not Track requests. Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser. 
08
INFORMATION SECURITY
FNA implement and maintain reasonable security measures to protect the personal information FNA collects and maintains from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. These measures include access controls, encryption, and anti-virus and anti-malware protection. However, no security measure or modality of data transmission is 100% secure and FNA are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the personal information FNA have collected from you. 
09
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
The Websites are not intended for individuals under the age of eighteen years. If FNA learn that FNA have collected or received personal information from individuals under the age of eighteen (18), FNA will delete the personal information. If you believe FNA have personal information on individuals under the age of eighteen (18), please contact us at the contact information provided below.
10
AMENDMENT OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is subject to change. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and will indicate the date the changes go into effect. Please check back frequently and review the Privacy Policy for any changes. If FNA make any changes that materially affect your privacy rights, FNA will notify you via email or by prominent posting on our Websites.
11
CONTACT
For questions, please contact FNA at privacy2@ferrari.com.
Newsletter
Stay up to date with the latest news from the world of Ferrari.
Subscribe
Racing
Scuderia Ferrari HP
Charles Leclerc
Carlos Sainz
Hypercar
GT Series
Esports
Scuderia Ferrari Driver Academy
Scuderia Ferrari Member
Sports Cars
Range
Configure your Ferrari
MyFerrari
Pre-owned
Dealers
Recall information
TechInfo
Collections
Men
Women
Kids
Shoes
Eyewear
Collectibles
Scuderia Ferrari Selection
Experiences
Corse Clienti
Ferrari Esports Series
Ristorante Cavallino
Ferrari Museums
Ferrari World Abu Dhabi
Ferrari Land Barcelona
About us
Corporate
Sustainability
Media Centre
News
Magazine
History
Join us
Facebook
Ferrari Official
Scuderia Ferrari
Ferrari Races
FDA
Ferrari Esports
Ferrari Style
Musei Ferrari
Ristorante Cavallino
Instagram
Ferrari Official
Scuderia Ferrari
Ferrari Races
Ferrari Hypercar
Ferrari Driver Academy
Ferrari Esports
Ferrari Style
Musei Ferrari
Ristorante Cavallino
Linkedin
Ferrari Official
Scuderia Ferrari
Tik Tok
Ferrari
Twitch
Ferrari Esports
X
Ferrari Official
Scuderia Ferrari
Ferrari Races
Ferrari Hypercar
Ferrari Driver Academy
Ferrari Esports
Ferrari Style
Musei Ferrari
YouTube
Ferrari Official
Ferrari N. V., Holding company, A company under Dutch law, having its official seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its corporate address at Via Abetone Inferiore No. 4, I-41053 Maranello (MO), Italy, registered with the Dutch trade register under number 64060977
Ferrari S.p. A., A company under Italian law, having its registered office at Via Emilia Est No. 1163, Modena, Italy, Companies' Register of Modena, VAT and Tax number 00159560366 and share capital of Euro 20,260,000
Copyright 2024, All rights reserved
Legal
Privacy Section
Cookie Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Submit your privacy request under GDPR
Accessibility
Contacts
Corporate ENG
Corporate ITA
Responsible Disclosure
Reward Anticounterfeiting
Media Centre
United States of America
" style="visibility: hidden; pointer-events: none; position: fixed;">