USER GENERATED CONTENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS ("T&C")
The Content
By responding "#YesFiat", you give [FCA Italy S.p. A.] and its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, representatives, assignees, and anyone else acting on behalf of FCA Italy S.p. A., or with the permission of FCA Italy S.p. A. (collectively "FCA") the right to Use your photos, videos, posts or other online content as selected by FCA (the "Content") for commercial and promotional purposes of FCA products or services on a worldwide basis through any social media platforms detailed below: [....] ; 
By responding "#YesFiat", you give [FCA Italy S.p. A.] and its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, representatives, assignees, and anyone else acting on behalf of FCA Italy S.p. A., or with the permission of FCA Italy S.p. A. (collectively "FCA") the right to Record, reproduce, copy, issue copies, print or publish or communicate the Content to the public; 
By responding "#YesFiat", you give [FCA Italy S.p. A.] and its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, representatives, assignees, and anyone else acting on behalf of FCA Italy S.p. A., or with the permission of FCA Italy S.p. A. (collectively "FCA") the right to Modify, elaborate the Content including its incorporation in or with any other element (video, photos, etc.) chosen by FCA for the purpose indicated above, respecting the dignity and decorum of any portrayed subjects, all without paying any compensation, either now or in the future, for any reason, to you or third parties with no right for you to examine or approve the finished product or have any right of attribution in the Content.
By responding "#YesFiat", you agree that FCA has the right to use the Content as provided above.
FCA shall have the right, at its own discretion, to remove any Contents from its social media platforms at any moment and without cause or notice.
Intellectual Property
By responding "#YesFiat" you represent and warrant that a) the Content is intellectual property owned by you and does not originate from another source.
By responding "#YesFiat" you represent and warrant that b) the Content does not violate any copyright or other third party rights.
By responding "#YesFiat" you represent and warrant that c) the Content must not include, even partially, persons (both of legal or under legal age), license plates or any other information related to an identified or identifiable natural persons.
By responding "#YesFiat" you represent and warrant that d) you have not authorized or assigned to third parties the use of the Content or the rights therein.
By responding "#YesFiat" you represent and warrant that e) nothing in the Content you have provided is or can be considered defamatory, obscene or threatening to any third party or, in any event, can be in violation of the law and regulations or of any Court's or Public Authorities' decisions; and
By responding "#YesFiat" you represent and warrant that f) you are of legal age and have the right to accept these T&C.
Indemnification
By responding "#YesFiat", you agree to
waive, release and discharge FCA from any and all liabilities, claims, demands, losses or damages, direct, indirect and substantial, arising from and by reason of the use by FCA of the Content according to the provisions of these T&C
indemnify and hold harmless FCA from request and act for obtaining the exclusion of FCA from any possible legal proceedings and actions and reimburse FCA for any amount or expense incurred or to be incurred in relation to such proceedings and actions as well as indemnify FCA for any damage, losses suffered as a consequence thereof.
By responding "#YesFiat", you furthermore authorizes FCA to disclose your personal data to any third party which may raise any claims vis-à-vis FCA in accordance with art. 3.1.
Data Protection 
PURPOSE AND PROCEDURE FOR THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
The personal data you have provided, possibly including username, name, surname and image/photo, ("Data") will be processed for the following purposes: subject to your express consent (expressed responding "#YesFiat"), implementing the "#YesFiat" initiative and the commercial purposes ("Service") according to the present Terms and Conditions "T&C" between you and FCA Italy S.p. A. ("Company").
The Data may be processed in hardcopy, by automated or electronic means.
CONSEQUENCES OF FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE DATA
Submitting the Data is never mandatory.
RECIPIENTS OF THE DATA
The Data may be published according to the Terms & Conditions of the Service. The Data may be processed by natural persons and legal entities, acting on behalf of the Company and under specific contractual obligations, based in EU Member States or in countries outside the EU. The Data may be communicated to third parties to comply with legal obligations, to execute Public Authorities orders or to exercise a Company right before judicial authorities.
DATA TRANSFER OUTSIDE OF THE EEA
Within its contractual relations the Company may transfer the Data in countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), including store them in databases managed by entities acting on behalf of the Company. Databases management and Data processing are bound to the purposes of the processing and are carried out according to applicable data protection law. In case the Data are transferred outside of the EEA the Company will use any appropriate contractual measures to guarantee an adequate protection of the Data including, among the others, agreements based on the standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission to rule the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA.
CONTROLLER AND DATA PROTECTION OFFICER TEAM
The Controller is FCA Italy S.p. A., with registered office in Corso Giovanni Agnelli 200, 10135 Turin, Italy. You can contact the Data Protection Officer team at the email address dpofca@stellantis.com.
DATA RETENTION
The Data processed to provide the Service will be kept by the Company for the period deemed strictly necessary to fulfil such purposes (normally six years). Concerning the Data processed for the provision of the Service, the Company may continue to store these Data for a longer period, as may be necessary to protect Company's interests related to potential liability related to the provision of the Service.
YOUR RIGHTS
You can exercise the following rights: right to access means the right to obtain from the Company whether your Data are being processed and, where applicable, have access to them; 
You can exercise the following rights: right to rectification and right to erasure means the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate and incomplete Data, as well as the erasure of Data when the request is legitimate; 
You can exercise the following rights: right to restriction of processing means the right to request suspension of the processing when the request is legitimate; 
You can exercise the following rights: right to data portability means the right to obtain Data in a structured format, ordinary used and readable, as well as the right to transfer Data to other controllers; 
You can exercise the following rights: right to object means the right to object to the processing of Data when the request is legitimate, including when the Data are processed for marketing or profiling, if applicable; 
You can exercise the following rights: right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in case of unlawful processing of Data.
You can exercise the abovementioned rights by writing to FCA Italy S.p. A. to the email address dpofca@stellantis.com
You can exercise the right to withdraw your consent (expressed responding "#YesFiat") at any time, by sending an email to dpofca@stellantis.com or by erasing the Content.
Contacts
FCA Italy S.p. A. 
k.a. Fiat Digital Marketing 
Corso Agnelli, 200 
10135 Turin
Governing Law. Jurisdiction.
This agreement shall be governed by Italian law.
In the event of any disputes regarding the construction and performance of this agreement, the Court of Turin shall have exclusive jurisdiction.
By replying to #YesFiat, you confirm that you have voluntarily put the Content at disposal of FCA, without any inducement, assurance, or guarantee being made to you by FCA, and that you have read, understood and accepted any and all the above terms and conditions.