Ford Terms & Conditions. Ford.com
SYNC 3 End-User License Agreement and Terms and Conditions
SYNC Services Terms and Conditions
Social User Content Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Print
Terms and Conditions 
Welcome to this website ("Site"). This Site is operated by Ford Motor Company (hereinafter "Ford") and the content on the Site is owned by Ford or its affiliated companies and by affiliates and third parties that post on the Site through a license from Ford, but for whom Ford assumes no direct responsibility. Please read these terms and conditions and the Privacy Policy contained on the Site, as they, together with any additional terms to which you agree when using particular elements of the Site, constitute the entire agreement regarding the Site and set forth the legally binding terms governing your visit to this Site. These Terms and Conditions apply to all persons who visit this Site ("Visitors"), regardless of your level of participation. 
By using this Site you agree that you have read, understand and accept the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and the Privacy Policy, and you affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms and Conditions, and to abide by and comply with these Terms and Conditions. By using this Site, you also agree that you will not use this Site for any purpose that is unlawful or in contravention of these Terms and Conditions. Ford Motor Company and its affiliates reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions from time to time without notifying you. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse shall be to cease using this Site. Continued use of the Site following the effective date any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of such changes. Ford may cease all or part of the Site at any time without notice and is not obligated to retain or return any post or comment. If you do not agree to any of these Terms and Conditions, or the Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site. 
United States Site and Pricing 
Ford administers this Site from Michigan, United States of America and this Site is only intended for viewing in the United States. All materials and information contained on this Site apply to the United States market only. Ford makes no representation that the Site is appropriate or available for use outside the United States. If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable laws. You agree to comply with all export and re-export laws, restrictions and regulations of your government in connection with your use of the Site. 
All pricing is in U. S. dollars and the vehicles described are offered for sale in the U. S. only. This Site in no way constitutes an offer to buy or sell vehicles from Ford or to provide financing or leasing. Ford makes reasonable efforts to ensure that the pricing and product information contained on this Site is correct. Prices, product specifications and all other information shown on this Site are for information purposes only, are subject to change at any time without obligation, may vary from region to region, and may not be completely up to date or accurate. Most pricing refers to MSRP. Unless otherwise indicated, MSRP is the manufacturer suggested retail price and excludes destination and delivery charges, any applicable taxes, any applicable fees, such as title and registration, or environmental charges or fees, any industry specific fee, any applicable consumer rebates or incentives, and the cost of any dealer added options. Optional equipment is not included unless specifically indicated. Any calculation of any price, tax, incentive, lease or finance terms is for your reference only, is an estimate, and may not be completely accurate. Individual dealers set the actual transaction price. Contact your selected dealer for the actual price of any vehicle and any applicable terms and conditions that may apply. The promotional programs and incentives offered on this Site are only available in the United States and may be limited to particular states and subject to restrictions and qualifications, as disclosed by the program. 
Depiction of Vehicles 
Vehicles shown on this Site are for general illustration only. Vehicles shown are typically a sample vehicle only of the same model year. Details of a selected vehicle may vary from the vehicle shown depending on the features you choose. Vehicle availability may be limited. 
Third Party Information such as Comparator Values 
This Site may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by Ford, including but not limited to links to websites for Ford dealers (Third Party Websites). Ford has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any Third Party Websites. In addition, Ford will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any Third Party Website. By clicking on links, you expressly relieve Ford from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party Website, or from the content of any Third Party Website. When using a Third Party Website, you should be aware when you leave Ford's Site and read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Website that you visit. 
On certain portions of this Site, you may have the opportunity to request information or a contact from your local dealer through various shopping tools. These shopping tools, which include Build and Price, Search Dealer Inventory, Request a Local Quote, and Trade-in Value, are owned and operated by Ford Direct, an independent company that assists our dealers. Information provided to Ford Direct is subject to Ford Direct's Privacy Policy and terms and conditions. 
Competitive Comparison data is provided by R. Polk & Company, is not the opinion of Ford, and is provided for information purposes only. Neither R. Polk & Company nor Ford make any warranty or guarantee of any kind regarding the comparator data, including as to currency, accuracy or completeness. Configured vehicles are compared to the same series vehicle chosen without additional options. All prices, specifications and equipment are subject to change without notice. 
Limited Licenses 
Copyright 2010, Ford Motor Company. All rights reserved. This Site, including all materials, is protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions whether or not a copyright notice is present on the materials. All text, images, graphics, animation, videos, music, sounds and other materials on this Site are subject to the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of Ford, its affiliated companies and its licensors. You agree to comply with all copyright laws worldwide in your use of this Site and to prevent any unauthorized copying of the materials. Except as expressly provided herein, Ford does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks or copyrights. 
Subject to your continued compliance with these terms and conditions, Ford grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, use, display and listen to this Site and the information, images, sounds and text ("materials") thereon. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the Site in any way. You agree not to dispute Ford's claims of ownership or validity of its rights in the materials on this Site. 
Ford authorizes you to view and download the materials at this Site only for your personal, non-commercial use. Ford may suspend or terminate this authorization at any time for any reason. This authorization is not a transfer of title in the materials and copies of the materials and is subject to the following restrictions: you must retain, on all copies of the materials downloaded, all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials.
Ford authorizes you to view and download the materials at this Site only for your personal, non-commercial use. Ford may suspend or terminate this authorization at any time for any reason. This authorization is not a transfer of title in the materials and copies of the materials and is subject to the following restrictions: you may not modify the materials in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, distribute, or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose.
Ford authorizes you to view and download the materials at this Site only for your personal, non-commercial use. Ford may suspend or terminate this authorization at any time for any reason. This authorization is not a transfer of title in the materials and copies of the materials and is subject to the following restrictions: you must not transfer the materials to any other person unless you give them notice of, and they agree to accept, the obligations arising under these terms and conditions of use.
Linking, crawling and archiving 
If you would like to link to this Site, you must comply with the following guidelines: do not incorporate any content from this Site into your site (e.g., by in-lining, framing or creating other browser or border environments around the website content). You may only link to, not replicate, the Site content.
If you would like to link to this Site, you must comply with the following guidelines: you may not use any Ford trademarks, logos, designs or service marks in your links.
If you would like to link to this Site, you must comply with the following guidelines: you may not create the appearance of a relationship or affiliation with Ford; and
If you would like to link to this Site, you must comply with the following guidelines: your site may not contain offensive, distasteful, illegal or inappropriate content.
If you would like to use a web crawler or other search tool to gather information from the Site, you must comply with the provisions of the robots.txt file of the site and you may not circumvent CAPTCHA or other security measures. 
Other Conditions/Restrictions 
CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY ANY INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEBSITE, TAMPER WITH THE SUBMISSION PROCESS, OR OTHERWISE UNDERMINE FORD'S LEGITIMATE BUSINESS OPERATIONS MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, FORD RESERVES THE RIGHT TO COOPERATE IN THE PROSECUTION OF ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL(S) AND TO PURSUE ALL REMEDIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 
This Site is intended as a resource and discussion forum for people interested in Ford Motor Company vehicles, projects and initiatives. Unfortunately, this isn't the place to address warranty or customer service questions or concerns or products sold by Ford Motor Company. If you have a question about a Ford Motor Company product, please contact Ford's Customer Relationship Center calling 1 800-392-3673 in the United States or 1 800-565-3673 in Canada during normal business hours. 
Trademark Notice 
The Ford name, and all trademarks and logos displayed on this Site are owned or used under license by Ford. These trademarks include, but are not limited to, product brand names (e.g., Ford, Lincoln, Motorcraft), vehicle model names (e.g., Mustang, Taurus, Explorer, F-150, Focus), slogans (e.g., Built Ford Tough), and logos and emblems. The unauthorized use of any trademark displayed on this Site is strictly prohibited. 
Changes to the Site 
Ford and its affiliates reserve the right to change, modify, suspend, discontinue or permanently cancel this Site's operation or portions thereof without any notice to you, including but not limited to product specifications or prices, at any time and from time to time without notice and without incurring any obligations. Your use of this Site after any changes are posted will be considered acceptance of such changes. 
Privacy 
For an explanation of Ford's policies and practices regarding information that we may collect from you in connection with your use of this Site, you should review Ford's Privacy Policy the terms of which are incorporated herein. By using this Site, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy and you will be bound by the terms of such Privacy Policy. 
Indemnity and Hold Harmless 
By using this Site you agree that you will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Ford and its subsidiaries and affiliates, their respective distributors, dealers, dealer associations and advertising and promotions agencies, together with their respective employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders, from and against all the liabilities, claims, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of your use of this Site, your breach or alleged breach of these Terms and Conditions, and your breach or alleged violation of the patent, copyright, trademark, proprietary or other rights of third parties. Ford reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and, in such case, you shall agree to cooperate with Ford's defense of such claim. 
Designated Agent for Copyright Notification 
If you believe that any content on this Site infringes your copyright rights, please contact Ford's designated agent for receiving such notifications in writing as follows dMCA Agent
Ford Motor Company 
One American Road, 4th Floor 
Dearborn, Michigan 48126 
Email address: DMCA@ford.com 
Phone number: (313) 323-2875 
In your communication, please include 1. Your physical or electronic signature.
In your communication, please include 2. Identification of the copyrighted work you claim to have been infringed, or, if there are multiple copyrighted works, a representative list of such works.
In your communication, please include 3. Identification of the material that you claim to be infringing, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
In your communication, please include 4. Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address.
In your communication, please include 5. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by you or the law.
In your communication, please include 6. A statement that the information your notification is accurate.
If the communication is submitted by someone on your behalf, the communication must also contain a statement that, under penalty of perjury, the submitter is authorized to act on your behalf. 
Disclaimer 
Ford may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by such revisions and should therefore visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions from time to time. NOTE THAT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY ONLY TO THIS SITE, OTHER WEBSITES PROVIDED BY FORD OR ITS AFFILIATES MAY HAVE DIFFERENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO THE USE OF THOSE SITES. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR READING AND UNDERSTANDING THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THOSE SITES. 
This Site and all the information it contains is provided for information purposes only on an "as is" basis and could include technical, typographical or other errors. In certain areas, the information provided may represent an opinion or judgment. Ford, information providers and their agents make no warranties, representations, or guarantees of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to, accuracy, currency, or completeness, the operation of the Site, the information, materials, content, availability, and products. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Ford disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Ford is not responsible for the content of any Site linked to this Site and is not directly or indirectly implying any approval, endorsement or affiliation with any linked Site. 
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, FORD'S OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARENTS, AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, REPRESENTATIVES AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF. FORD, ITS INFORMATION PROVIDERS AND THEIR AGENTS, MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR WEB SITE, ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR WEB SITE, ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR WEB SITE BY ANY THIRD-PARTY, AND/OR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE WEB SITE. FORD DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD-PARTY THROUGH THE WEB SITE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEB SITE OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND FORD WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE. NEITHER FORD, INFORMATION PROVIDERS OR THEIR AGENTS ARE PROVIDING ANY LEGAL, TAX, MEDICAL, COUNSELING, ACCOUNTING, INVESTMENT, FINANCIAL OR ANY OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES OR ADVICE. 
Miscellaneous 
These Terms and Conditions together with any additional terms to which you agree when using particular elements of this Site constitute the entire agreement regarding the Site and any services, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications, whether electronic, oral or written between you and us with respect to the Site or the services provided on the Site. The Site is operated from Ford's offices in the United States of America. These terms and conditions are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Michigan, regardless of principles of conflicts of laws that may require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. If a court determines that any term or condition in these Terms and Conditions is illegal or unenforceable, then such term will be eliminated and the remaining terms and conditions will remain in force and effect. Ford's failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions remain in full force and effect. All lawsuits arising from or relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be brought in the Federal or State courts located in Wayne County, Michigan, and you hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts for such purpose. 
Effective Date: March 3, 2011
close
close Zip Code
Select location 
Please enter your ZIP Code 
Zip Code
Update
Use My Current Location
close Your browser is not supported Go Further
Your browser is not supported
Click one of the below icons to start the browser download.
Firefox Chrome Safari Microsoft Edge
Enter your mobile information below
Number invalid. Please try again.
Please select a carrier.
Send To Phone
Thank you.
By entering your mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receive a text message on your mobile phone. Standard messaging and data plan rates may apply.
close Welcome A/Z Plan Participant
Welcome A/Z Plan Participant
Now you can view exclusive price savings on our Build & Price shopping tool. 
Note: A/Z Plan pricing information is not available on all Ford websites. In addition, some vehicles, trims or options you select may not qualify for A/Z Plans. Also, some dealers may choose not to participate in A/Z Plan pricing. Contact your local dealer to determine their level of participation in the program and final vehicle pricing. 
What happens if I close this site before I'm finished? 
If you close your window or tab, you must re-access the site through the A/Z Plan Pricing website to ensure that all eligible plan pricing is visible. If you need additional information concerning the A/Z Plans, please refer back to your A/Z Plan Pricing website for complete details. 
A/X/Z Plan pricing, including A/X/Z Plan option pricing, is exclusively for eligible Ford Motor Company employees, friends and family members of eligible employees, and Ford Motor Company eligible partners. Restrictions apply. See your Ford or Lincoln Dealer for complete details and qualifications. Ford Motor Company reserves the right to modify the terms of this plan at any time.
close Thank you for visiting website_url_lnk
Thank you for visiting website_url_lnk
You'll now be redirected to your local Ford Dealer site.
Continue 
Cancel 
close
To help you find your ideal certified used Ford vehicle, Ford is partnering with Autotrader to bring you the Ford Blue Advantage website.
The Ford Blue Advantage website is operated by Autotrader. Autotrader's privacy statement and visitor agreement apply to the Ford Blue Advantage website and the collection and use of data on that site.
Continue 
Cancel 
close You are now leaving website_url_lnk
You are now leaving website_url_lnk
Ford's privacy policy will no longer apply. Please refer to the redirected website for its privacy policy.
Continue 
Cancel 
close You are now leaving website_url_lnk
You are now leaving website_url_lnk
Ford's privacy policy will no longer apply. Please refer to the redirected website for its privacy policy.
Continue 
Cancel 
close Notice
Notice
Due to a combination of high demand and global supply-chain constraints, not all models and trims or features may be currently available. We want you to have the Ford you deserve and are doing all we can to deliver it with all of your chosen features. Please contact your dealer for any questions about inventory and future availability.
Acknowledge 
close
Favorites
close
No Favorites Selected
Personalize your shopping experience by selecting the heart icon on features you like
Keep Shopping 
Favorites
Recommended Configuration
Top matches based on your favorites
Build and Price
Search Inventory 
Request a Quote
This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience, display targeted ads, and to analyze performance, user activity, and traffic on our website. We also may share personal information about your activity on our website with our advertising, analytics, and business partners. Privacy Notice.
Cookie Settings
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Cookie Preference Center
This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies ("Cookies") to enhance user experience, serve targeted ads, and to analyze performance, user activity, and traffic on our website. Some Cookies may collect information that is used in a way that is considered a "Sale," "Sharing," or "Targeted Advertising" as those terms are defined under various state laws. 
To opt out of the collection of information through those Cookies, change the toggle by moving the toggle to the left (so it is grayed out) and click "Confirm My Choices." If you later change your mind, you can opt back in by sliding the toggle to the right (so it is blue) and click "Confirm My Choices."
Allow Sales and Sharing for Targeted Advertising 
Allow Sales and Sharing for Targeted Advertising 
Your opt-out choice is specific to this website, browser, and device. You will need to set your preference for each browser and device you use to access our website. If you clear the Cookies on your device or browser, you may need to set your preference again. Cookie-enabled opt-out signals may not be effective if you block or clear Cookies. 
Please note: Opting out may affect our ability to personalize your experience on this website and in connection with your vehicle shopping experience, though we may still use Cookies that do not include Sales, Sharing, or Targeted Advertising. You may still receive non-personalized advertisements on other sites or personalized ads that may be based on information processed before you opted out. 
This website recognizes the Global Privacy Control ("GPC"), which is designed to recognize certain browser-based opt-out preference signals. To process your opt out request through GPC, you must use a browser or extension supporting the preference signal, and you will need to turn it on for each browser and each device you use. 
For more information about our privacy practices, you can visit our Privacy Notice. You can also learn about other privacy choices available to you and how to exercise them, such as opting out of non-Cookie based "Sales," "Sharing," and "Targeted Advertising" by visiting here.
About Opt-Out Preference Signals
We have enabled the Global Privacy Control ("GPC"), which is designed to recognize opt-out preference signals. In order to process your request through GPC, you must use a browser or extension supporting the preference signal. If you choose to use this opt-out preference signal, you will need to turn it on for each browser and each device you use.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
Confirm My Choices