Skip to main content
Solutions 
Solutions
Consent & Preferences
Streamline consent and preference management for consumer transparency
Third-Party Management
Automate third-party management from intake and risk assessment to mitigation and reporting
Privacy Automation
Enable responsible use throughout the data lifecycle
Tech Risk & Compliance
Scale your resources and optimize your risk and compliance lifecycle
Data & AI Governance
Govern your data and AI while accelerating innovation
Ethics & Compliance
Build a SpeakUp channel and case management system to develop trust with your employees
Featured Products
AI Governance
Data Discovery & Classification
Third-Party Risk Management
View all products
Regulatory Solutions
GDPR
DORA
US Privacy
View all regulatory solutions
Platform 
OneTrust Platform
Platform Overview
Build and demonstrate trust, measure and manage risk, and go beyond compliance
Why OneTrust
See why more than 14,000 customers, large and small, rely on OneTrust
Pricing
Flexible pricing to meet your organization's unique needs
Integrations
Our extensive set of integrations makes it easy to add data management to your workflows
Resources 
Self-Service Resources
Demo Videos
Resource Library
Customer Stories
Blog
Training & Events
Training & Certifications
TrustWeek
Connect Workshops
Support
Support & Services
Partners
MyOneTrust Help Center
Company 
Company
About Us
Trust Center
Careers
Newsroom
Contact Us
Newsroom
Get the latest news, announcements, views, and more
Request demo
Contact sales
Cookie Consent 
Simplify cookie compliance and consent management 
Regulatory and societal trends emphasize the importance of personal data consent. More than 750,000 websites trust our Cookie Consent software to meet today's data privacy demands. 
Detect all cookies, tags, trackers, pixels, beacons, and more across your website
Customize out-of-the-box consent banners according to your brand and regional needs
Easily deploy banners across domains with pre-built MarTech integrations
Request demo
Contact sales
Operationalize cookie consent 
Audit your website 
Identify and maintain an evergreen inventory of all first- and third-party cookies and tracking technologies across your website. Use advanced scanning to simulate the user experience, scan behind logins, and trigger hidden pages.
Automatically categorize cookies and trackers 
Use the world's largest database of over 45 million pre-categorized cookies to group trackers by purpose. Clarify and update cookie names at any time using intuitive descriptions, vendor information, and lifespans.
Easily configure the consent experience 
Professionally designed templates empower you to create a seamless user experience with custom branding, support for more than 250 languages, and geolocation rules to display different banners and consent models based on region, country, or state.
Enable cookie auto-blocking to ensure compliance 
Use no-code cookie blocking, tag manager integrations, or script re-writing to block trackers until explicit consent is gained. Enable support for industry frameworks and vendor-specific opt-outs.
Automate scanning and maintain records 
Schedule regular scans on your website and auto-populate your updated cookie list into your privacy or cookie policies. Demonstrate compliance with a detailed user consent transaction database.
Optimize your cookie consent banner to maximize opt-ins 
Experiment with A/B testing to deploy template variations, measure consent, and drive opt-ins. Define attributes and logic using template targeting and sync consent of known users across devices.
Extend your consent options 
Extend cookie consent to Mobile App Consent and OTT & CTV Consent, managing all user consent and preferences through the OneTrust platform.
CONSENT & PREFERENCES
December 18, 2024
The ROI of consent & preference data: A good, better, best view of how organizations win with personalization
Marketing leaders must adapt to a new era where first-party data and consent management drive personalized experiences, ROI, and success amid evolving regulations and market shifts.
Read more
Related products
Clear Filters
Mobile App Consent
Our mobile app consent software enables you to scan for SDKs, collect valid consent and provide visibility into how your mobile app is sharing data.
Learn more
OTT and CTV Consent
Give your customers control of their consent and preferences across Over-the-Top apps and Connected TV with OneTrust OTT and CTV Consent.
Learn more
Privacy Operations
Streamline compliance with data privacy laws and minimize privacy risk by operationalizing your data privacy program.
Learn more
Ready to get started?
See how OneTrust Consent & Preferences can help your organization build trusted digital experiences. 
Request demo
Contact sales
Top Searches
Trust Center
Consent & Preferences
Third-Party Management
Training & Certifications
Resources
How to handle opt-outs for tracking pixels under Australian privacy law
Understanding the NIS 2 Directive: Compliance insights and best practices
Data Discovery Israel: How to create value and demonstrate trust through your data?
Platform
Why OneTrust
Platform
Pricing
OneTrust Integrations: The Future of Privacy Management
Company
About Us
Careers
Newsroom
Centers of Excellence
Legal and Compliance Information
Latest News
Channel Insider. OneTrust launches AI-powered compliance automation platform
CRN Security 100
Broadband TV News. Titan OS selects OneTrust as data privacy partner
Contact Us
Contact Us
Request Demo
Privacy Matters
Our privacy center makes it easy to see how 
. we collect and use your information..."}}" id="text-a4006e94e9" class="cmp-text">
Our privacy center makes it easy to see how 
we collect and use your information.
Your privacy..
When we collect your personal information, we always inform you of your rights and make it easy for you to exercise them. Where possible, we also let you manage your preferences about how much information you choose to share with us, or our partners.
."}}" id="text-9861d32732" class="cmp-text">
Your privacy
When we collect your personal information, we always inform you of your rights and make it easy for you to exercise them. Where possible, we also let you manage your preferences about how much information you choose to share with us, or our partners.
{{CURRENT_DATE}} OneTrust, LLC. All Rights Reserved..."}}" id="text-69f1e97471" class="cmp-text">
2024 OneTrust, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
On-demand webinar coming soon... 
Our policies
Privacy Overview
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Trust Center
Your rights
Exercise Your Rights
Manage Your Communication Preferences