Video Player is loading.
Play Video
Play. Enter or spacebar to toggle. Skip BackwardSkip Forward
Unmute
Current Time 0:00
Duration 0:00
Loaded: 0%
Stream Type LIVE
Seek to live, currently behind liveLIVE
Remaining Time -0:00
1x
Playback Rate
Chapters
Chapters
Descriptions
descriptions off, selected
Captions. Alt plus q to toggle.
captions settingsCaptions. Alt plus q to toggle.
captions offCaptions. Alt plus q to toggle.
Audio Track
Picture-in-PictureFullscreen
This is a modal window.
Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.
TextColorOpacityText BackgroundColorOpacityCaption Area BackgroundColorOpacity
Font SizeText Edge StyleFont Family
ResetDone
Close Modal Dialog
End of dialog window.
Close Modal Dialog
This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
View Offers 
Offer Details
Optional equipment, features and extra cost colors shown throughout. Customer can defer first payment up to 90 days. Not all buyers will qualify for Ford Credit limited-term financing. 60 months at $17.48 per month per $1,000 financed, regardless of down payment. For APRs other than 0%, finance charges continue to accrue during deferral period. Deferred first payment not allowed in Pennsylvania on APR higher than 0%. For all offers take new retail delivery from an authorized Ford Dealer's stock by 1/2/25. See dealer for qualifications and details.
Build & Price
Build & Price
Personalize your new vehicle.
Get a Quote
Get a Quote
See pricing from your local dealer.
Search Inventory
Search Inventory
Find your Ford Vehicle.
Welcome Back. Now, Where Were We?
2. 
Vehicle Details
Extra-cost color option shown. 
Based on S&P Global Mobility 1946-current U. S. Total New Cumulative Registrations, for all vehicles identified as SUVs. Available for retail order now. Arriving early 2025. See dealer for details.
America's Best-Selling SUV* Updated and Reimagined
The 2025 Ford Explorer has been redesigned inside and includes some exterior updates too. From unique grilles and wheels to seating and interior colors....less
Search Inventory 
Meet the 2025 Explorer
Support on the Road to Recovery
The SupportBelt is the first seat belt accessory designed by a U. S. automaker to help mastectomy patients travel comfortably after surgery....less
Important Details
Learn More 
Get Yours 
The Power is Yours 
Get pumped up. Get plugged in. Or do a little bit of both. While finding your next Ford vehicle, one thing's more important than the power you choose: What you choose to do with it....less
Choose Your Power
Gas, EcoBoost 
Hybrid
Electric
Diesel
Choose Your Power
How Will You Power Up?
Pick a Powertrain 
Vehicle Details
Optional equipment shown.
Gas, EcoBoost 
Gas Power
Explore Gas, Ecoboost 
Vehicle Details
2024 Ford Mustang with optional equipment in extra-cost color Yellow Splash Metallic Tri-Coast option shown.
Hybrid
Hybrid Versatility
Explore Hybrid Power 
Vehicle Details
When properly equipped. Max towing varies based on cargo, vehicle configuration, accessories, and number of passengers.
Electric
All-Electric
Explore EV Power 
Vehicle Details
Available at Ford EV-certified dealers only. 2023 Ford Mustang Mach-E Premium with optional equipment and extra cost color shown.
Diesel
Diesel Muscle
Explore Super Duty
Vehicle Details
When properly equipped. Max towing varies based on cargo, vehicle configuration, accessories, and number of passengers.
127 
.","metrics":{}}" data-overlay-theme="mediaOverlay" data-overlay-defaultstage="detailStateOne" tabindex="0" role="button" data-fgx-keypress="true" data-fd-metrics-click="{"id":"action0020","app":"Brand","variables":{"onclick_onclickLinkName":"{($sitePrefix)}:home:content:action","onclick_onclick":"hp content:photo click","onclick_contentType":"hp:none:features"}}">
Hands-Free Highway Driving
Experience the magic of hands-free highway driving on 97% of controlled access highways in U. S. and Canada.127 
..less
Explore BlueCruise 
Ford Connected Services
Available features you can add-on to your Ford vehicle post-purchase to enrich your ownership experience....less
Explore Connected Services 
Complimentary Pickup & Delivery
Let your Ford Dealer come to you for routine maintenance....less
Learn More 
2. 
Thrilling. Liberating. Hardworking. Iconic. 
Vehicle Details
24MY EcoBoost with optional Bronze Appearance Package in Vapor Blue (extra cost color).
Mustang 
Raising heart rates for 60 years. Tailor the perfect Mustang for you, whether it's a workday or track day....less
Explore Mustang 
Vehicle Details
Optional equipment and available Ford accessories shown. 
Always consult the Owner's Manual before off-road driving, know your terrain and trail difficulty, and use appropriate safety gear.
Bronco
The trail awaits. So take off the doors, strap in, and unleash the SUV that's synonymous with adventure....less
Explore Bronco 
F-150
If there's work to be done or weekend fun to be had, just look around. A Ford F-150 truck is probably there....less
Explore F-150 
2. 
Send Me Ford Updates 
Don't miss out. Get the latest on our newest vehicles, offers, product updates and more....less
Sign Up 
close
close Zip Code
Select location 
Please enter your ZIP Code 
Zip Code
Update
Use My Current Location
close Your browser is not supported Go Further
Your browser is not supported
Click one of the below icons to start the browser download.
Firefox Chrome Safari Microsoft Edge
Enter your mobile information below
Number invalid. Please try again.
Please select a carrier.
Send To Phone
Thank you.
By entering your mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receive a text message on your mobile phone. Standard messaging and data plan rates may apply.
close Welcome A/Z Plan Participant
Welcome A/Z Plan Participant
Now you can view exclusive price savings on our Build & Price shopping tool. 
Note: A/Z Plan pricing information is not available on all Ford websites. In addition, some vehicles, trims or options you select may not qualify for A/Z Plans. Also, some dealers may choose not to participate in A/Z Plan pricing. Contact your local dealer to determine their level of participation in the program and final vehicle pricing. 
What happens if I close this site before I'm finished? 
If you close your window or tab, you must re-access the site through the A/Z Plan Pricing website to ensure that all eligible plan pricing is visible. If you need additional information concerning the A/Z Plans, please refer back to your A/Z Plan Pricing website for complete details. 
A/X/Z Plan pricing, including A/X/Z Plan option pricing, is exclusively for eligible Ford Motor Company employees, friends and family members of eligible employees, and Ford Motor Company eligible partners. Restrictions apply. See your Ford or Lincoln Dealer for complete details and qualifications. Ford Motor Company reserves the right to modify the terms of this plan at any time.
close Thank you for visiting website_url_lnk
Thank you for visiting website_url_lnk
You'll now be redirected to your local Ford Dealer site.
Continue 
Cancel 
close
To help you find your ideal certified used Ford vehicle, Ford is partnering with Autotrader to bring you the Ford Blue Advantage website.
The Ford Blue Advantage website is operated by Autotrader. Autotrader's privacy statement and visitor agreement apply to the Ford Blue Advantage website and the collection and use of data on that site.
Continue 
Cancel 
close You are now leaving website_url_lnk
You are now leaving website_url_lnk
Ford's privacy policy will no longer apply. Please refer to the redirected website for its privacy policy.
Continue 
Cancel 
close You are now leaving website_url_lnk
You are now leaving website_url_lnk
Ford's privacy policy will no longer apply. Please refer to the redirected website for its privacy policy.
Continue 
Cancel 
close Notice
Notice
Due to a combination of high demand and global supply-chain constraints, not all models and trims or features may be currently available. We want you to have the Ford you deserve and are doing all we can to deliver it with all of your chosen features. Please contact your dealer for any questions about inventory and future availability.
Acknowledge 
close
Favorites
close
No Favorites Selected
Personalize your shopping experience by selecting the heart icon on features you like
Keep Shopping 
Favorites
Recommended Configuration
Top matches based on your favorites
Build and Price
Search Inventory 
Request a Quote
This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience, display targeted ads, and to analyze performance, user activity, and traffic on our website. We also may share personal information about your activity on our website with our advertising, analytics, and business partners. Privacy Notice.
Cookie Settings
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Cookie Preference Center
This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies ("Cookies") to enhance user experience, serve targeted ads, and to analyze performance, user activity, and traffic on our website. Some Cookies may collect information that is used in a way that is considered a "Sale," "Sharing," or "Targeted Advertising" as those terms are defined under various state laws. 
To opt out of the collection of information through those Cookies, change the toggle by moving the toggle to the left (so it is grayed out) and click "Confirm My Choices." If you later change your mind, you can opt back in by sliding the toggle to the right (so it is blue) and click "Confirm My Choices."
Allow Sales and Sharing for Targeted Advertising 
Allow Sales and Sharing for Targeted Advertising 
Your opt-out choice is specific to this website, browser, and device. You will need to set your preference for each browser and device you use to access our website. If you clear the Cookies on your device or browser, you may need to set your preference again. Cookie-enabled opt-out signals may not be effective if you block or clear Cookies. 
Please note: Opting out may affect our ability to personalize your experience on this website and in connection with your vehicle shopping experience, though we may still use Cookies that do not include Sales, Sharing, or Targeted Advertising. You may still receive non-personalized advertisements on other sites or personalized ads that may be based on information processed before you opted out. 
This website recognizes the Global Privacy Control ("GPC"), which is designed to recognize certain browser-based opt-out preference signals. To process your opt out request through GPC, you must use a browser or extension supporting the preference signal, and you will need to turn it on for each browser and each device you use. 
For more information about our privacy practices, you can visit our Privacy Notice. You can also learn about other privacy choices available to you and how to exercise them, such as opting out of non-Cookie based "Sales," "Sharing," and "Targeted Advertising" by visiting here.
About Opt-Out Preference Signals
We have enabled the Global Privacy Control ("GPC"), which is designed to recognize opt-out preference signals. In order to process your request through GPC, you must use a browser or extension supporting the preference signal. If you choose to use this opt-out preference signal, you will need to turn it on for each browser and each device you use.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
Confirm My Choices