Welcome to The GARAGE Collectif!
Sign in to take advantage of all our Collectif Benefits!
SIGN INCREATE ACCOUNT
My Account
My Rewards
Orders
Wishlist
Not a member yet? Join the Garage Collectif to get access to exclusive perks & special offers!
My Bag
Estimated Total
$0.00
View Cart
TOP CLICKED
UltraFleece Straight Leg Sweatpants
$54.95
Perfect Puff Jacket
$119.95
UltraFleece Cargo Sweatpants
$59.95
UltraFleece Straight Leg Sweatpants
$54.95
COOKIES PRIVACY POLICY
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which allow our site to recognize your device and are downloaded to your device when you visit a website if you agree to the site doing so. Cookies are then sent back to the website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie.
How do we use cookies?
Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user's device and are widely used in order to either make websites work more efficiently, let you navigate between pages, remember your preferences, and generally improve your user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests. 
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with a better experience when you browse our website and make improvements. 
Some of the cookies we use are "analytical" cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
What types of personal data do we process?
We will only connect your cookie ID to your personal data submitted and gathered in relation to your account or membership if you are logged in to your account.
Who has access to your personal data?
Data that is forwarded to third parties is only used to provide you with the above-mentioned services: analysis tools to collect statistics to optimize our site and present you with relevant material.
How long do we save your data?
We do not save your personal data. Cookies do not contain confidential information such as your home address, telephone number or credit card details. You can easily erase cookies from your computer or mobile device through your browser.
How can I change my browser settings?
If you don't change your browser settings and continue to use our site, we will assume that you consent to us continuing to download cookies onto your device. Whether or not you allow us to download cookies is up to you, but if you choose to disable cookies by changing your Browser Settings, our Website and its features may not necessarily work in the same way or produce the same personalized experience. If you delete all of your cookies, you will have to update your preferences with us again. If you use a different device, computer profile or browser you will have to tell us your preferences again. 
You can find more information about cookies here website_url_lnk
Remove Product?
Are you sure you want to remove the following product from your cart? 
Cancel Yes 