Skip to search
global.browsertoolscheck.javascript
POLICY ON PRIVACY AND PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION
The processing, privacy and security of your personal data is extremely important to us. We make every effort to provide you personalized services in a way that honours your wishes and privacy. The purpose of this policy on privacy and personal data protection (hereinafter the "Privacy Policy") is to give you straightforward, clear and comprehensive information on how the data you provide to us is used, including the data we may acquire about you through various channels (store, customer service department, givenchy.com, social media, apps, and events), whether it is shared with third parties, and the rights and options available to you for controlling your personal data and protecting your privacy.
About us
This Privacy Policy outlines how GIVENCHY, a French business corporation headquartered at 3, avenue George V 75008 Paris, France, and its affiliates (hereinafter "GIVENCHY") uses personal data that pertains to you ("You" or "Your") in its capacity as data controller to provide You the best customer experience possible. You may obtain the name and address of the local GIVENCHY processing company ("We," "Us" or "Our") that collects, stores, processes, uses and shares Your personal data when You use the GIVENCHY websites and mobile apps or when You visit Our social media pages or when You go to one of Our stores in Your country.
Types of Data Collected by GIVENCHY
"Personal data" designates any information that identifies You, either directly (i.e. by your name) or indirectly (i.e. by using a customer number). In order to provide Us your personal data, You must be over the age of 16. The personal data that We collect directly from You may include information pertaining to your name and contact information (in particular e-mail address, telephone number, mailing address, social media ID)
"Personal data" designates any information that identifies You, either directly (i.e. by your name) or indirectly (i.e. by using a customer number). In order to provide Us your personal data, You must be over the age of 16. The personal data that We collect directly from You may include information pertaining to your gender, age or age range and /or birthdate
"Personal data" designates any information that identifies You, either directly (i.e. by your name) or indirectly (i.e. by using a customer number). In order to provide Us your personal data, You must be over the age of 16. The personal data that We collect directly from You may include information pertaining to your areas of interest
"Personal data" designates any information that identifies You, either directly (i.e. by your name) or indirectly (i.e. by using a customer number). In order to provide Us your personal data, You must be over the age of 16. The personal data that We collect directly from You may include information pertaining to your purchases (online or in a store) and Your repair services
"Personal data" designates any information that identifies You, either directly (i.e. by your name) or indirectly (i.e. by using a customer number). In order to provide Us your personal data, You must be over the age of 16. The personal data that We collect directly from You may include information pertaining to your size and Your style preferences
"Personal data" designates any information that identifies You, either directly (i.e. by your name) or indirectly (i.e. by using a customer number). In order to provide Us your personal data, You must be over the age of 16. The personal data that We collect directly from You may include information pertaining to the pages You visit on givenchy.com
"Personal data" designates any information that identifies You, either directly (i.e. by your name) or indirectly (i.e. by using a customer number). In order to provide Us your personal data, You must be over the age of 16. The personal data that We collect directly from You may include information pertaining to the GIVENCHY events You participate in
"Personal data" designates any information that identifies You, either directly (i.e. by your name) or indirectly (i.e. by using a customer number). In order to provide Us your personal data, You must be over the age of 16. The personal data that We collect directly from You may include information pertaining to your requests to Our customer service department or Our public relations department
We may also collect data from publicly available sources which shall be considered as data having been communicated by you
In the event you apply for a job at GIVENCHY, We may collect the following information: Your name and Your contact details, Your resume and Your motivation letter. The personal data that GIVENCHY requires is indicated as such on the various pages that contain forms for collecting personal data. If You do not complete these required fields, GIVENCHY will most likely not reply to Your requests and provide you the products and services requested. The other information is optional and enables Us to know You better and improve the messages and services We send You.
Channels by which your data is collected and received
As part of Our interactions, we may be required to gather some data through the following points of contact: interactions with Our in-store advisors
As part of Our interactions, we may be required to gather some data through the following points of contact: page clicks on givenchy.com
As part of Our interactions, we may be required to gather some data through the following points of contact: contacts with customer service
As part of Our interactions, we may be required to gather some data through the following points of contact: gIVENCHY events that You participate in
As part of Our interactions, we may be required to gather some data through the following points of contact: interactions with Our public relations department
As part of Our interactions, we may be required to gather some data through the following points of contact: forms that You fill out (online or in a store) questionnaire or survey to which you answer or email you sent us
As part of Our interactions, we may be required to gather some data through the following points of contact: apps or third-party social network (such as Facebook, Instagram etc..) that You use and that you have authorized to share information and data with us. You should at all-time be aware of the terms of use and privacy policy that apply to third party social networks and are of their exclusive responsibility
As part of Our interactions, we may be required to gather some data through the following points of contact: gIVENCHY social media pages that You visit and comment on or like
As part of Our interactions, we may be required to gather some data through the following points of contact: third party data provider with whom you share information
As part of Our interactions, we may be required to gather some data through the following points of contact: ads in search engines that You click on
As part of Our interactions, we may be required to gather some data through the following points of contact: if You wish, You may contact Our sales advisors and speak with them on an instant messaging app such as WhatsApp, WeChat or a similar program. Our sales advisors will be happy to answer Your questions on this platform. However, We would like to remind you that GIVENCHY cannot guarantee Your data or other information shared on these programs will remain confidential and secure since it is out of GIVENCHY's control and it waives all liability.
Such data or information may be sent to locations outside the European Economic Area. Therefore, We recommend that You familiarize yourself with how these apps are used and their respective policies on personal data protection.
Purposes for which GIVENCHY uses Your data
As part of our interactions and depending on the context in which your data are collected, We use your data to manage Your orders and take all required measure in relation to Your online transaction, especially to prevent fraud and payment defaults
As part of our interactions and depending on the context in which your data are collected, We use your data to manage personalized content or advertising or other GIVENCHY messages (online or otherwise)
As part of our interactions and depending on the context in which your data are collected, We use your data to manage Your profile
As part of our interactions and depending on the context in which your data are collected, We use your data to manage Your online requests pertaining to the GIVENCHY company
As part of our interactions and depending on the context in which your data are collected, We use your data to manage events that You register for or participate in
As part of our interactions and depending on the context in which your data are collected, We use your data to manage Your job application
As part of our interactions and depending on the context in which your data are collected, We use your data to manage Our website and Our digital apps
As part of our interactions and depending on the context in which your data are collected, We use your data to improve Our products and services
We can use third party services such as but not limited to Facebook Custom Audiences, Google Customer match or similar services and work with third Party social media to create profile based on you preferences in order to manage your user's experience and to offer you more personalised experience or advertising on Our products using the data we have collected from you, including your email address. We may also use your data by combining it with your browsing data using cookies for targeted advertising purposes. This type of targeting is made possible by the use of technologies from our third-party partners that allow us to link the browsing data of the same user on Our sites, the platforms of social networks or third-party sites, regardless of the terminal used. You may object to this processing at any time by configuring the advertising settings of your account on the social network platforms and refer to our cookie policy to understand how to withdraw your consent.
Third Party social media are either acting as data processor in which case they commit not to share or use your data for another purpose not to keep them after such processing (which is, for instance, the case of Facebook custom Audience and Google Customer match services) or as independent data controller with Your consent (which is the case in particular of Facebook ads pixel) in which case they are responsible for their own compliance with the applicable data protection laws. You can obtain further information about the tools used by our Social Media Partners to create a profile based on your preferences and offer you more personalized advertisement through website_url_lnk
Third Party social media are either acting as data processor in which case they commit not to share or use your data for another purpose not to keep them after such processing (which is, for instance, the case of Facebook custom Audience and Google Customer match services) or as independent data controller with Your consent (which is the case in particular of Facebook ads pixel) in which case they are responsible for their own compliance with the applicable data protection laws. You can obtain further information about the tools used by our Social Media Partners to create a profile based on your preferences and offer you more personalized advertisement through website_url_lnk
Third Party social media are either acting as data processor in which case they commit not to share or use your data for another purpose not to keep them after such processing (which is, for instance, the case of Facebook custom Audience and Google Customer match services) or as independent data controller with Your consent (which is the case in particular of Facebook ads pixel) in which case they are responsible for their own compliance with the applicable data protection laws. You can obtain further information about the tools used by our Social Media Partners to create a profile based on your preferences and offer you more personalized advertisement through website_url_lnk
Third Party social media are either acting as data processor in which case they commit not to share or use your data for another purpose not to keep them after such processing (which is, for instance, the case of Facebook custom Audience and Google Customer match services) or as independent data controller with Your consent (which is the case in particular of Facebook ads pixel) in which case they are responsible for their own compliance with the applicable data protection laws. You can obtain further information about the tools used by our Social Media Partners to create a profile based on your preferences and offer you more personalized advertisement through website_url_lnk
When it relates to Your job application, We use Your data to manage and track Your application. We retain a history of transactions and other sales documents in order to meet legal and governmental requirements as well as for the purposes of our insurers and audits. Depending on the manner in which your data are collected, the legal grounds for processing them may be your consent (i.e. to manage Our personalized marketing offers or through cookies to manage your online browsing session)
When it relates to Your job application, We use Your data to manage and track Your application. We retain a history of transactions and other sales documents in order to meet legal and governmental requirements as well as for the purposes of our insurers and audits. Depending on the manner in which your data are collected, the legal grounds for processing them may be execute a contract (i.e. process and track your orders, manage access to your customer account)
When it relates to Your job application, We use Your data to manage and track Your application. We retain a history of transactions and other sales documents in order to meet legal and governmental requirements as well as for the purposes of our insurers and audits. Depending on the manner in which your data are collected, the legal grounds for processing them may be a legal obligation if the data processing is required by law (i.e. retaining sales invoices)
When it relates to Your job application, We use Your data to manage and track Your application. We retain a history of transactions and other sales documents in order to meet legal and governmental requirements as well as for the purposes of our insurers and audits. Depending on the manner in which your data are collected, the legal grounds for processing them may be our legitimate interests, such as improving Our products and services, preventing fraud, securing Our tools or personalizing Our marketing materials and performing statistics on Our Sales.
Retention period
We solely retain your personal data for the time required to achieve the current objective, to satisfy Your needs or to meet Our legal obligations. In general, Your personal data are only retained in Our database for a period that is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined above or for the retention period permitted by law.
If You are a customer (i.e. you have purchased a GIVENCHY product): For a period not to exceed five years from your initial purchase. This period is renewed each time You interact with GIVENCHY (i.e. you make another purchase)
If You are a potential customer (i.e. you have never purchased a GIVENCHY product but You are interested in the GIVENCHY brand): Three years from when Your data are collected. This period is renewed each time You interact with GIVENCHY (i.e. you participate in an event)
If you contact the public relations department: For a period not to exceed 10 years from Your initial contact. This period is renewed each time You interact with GIVENCHY (i.e. you request information from the GIVENCHY company)
If you are a job applicant (i.e. You apply for a position that GIVENCHY advertises): Two years from when You apply
If cookies are installed on Your computer, We cannot retain them for more than 13 months. Once We no longer require Your personal data, they are deleted from Our systems and records or anonymized so You cannot be identified.
Recipients and transfer of your data
Your data are intended for the GIVENCHY departments that handle Your requests. We ensure that Your personal data are only accessible to people who are duly authorized and when needed for the purposes cited above. We do not share Your data with third parties for marketing purposes. When necessary, and whenever possible in a format that does not identify you directly, we may share Your information with we may also likely provide You the option of using your social media login information. In this case, be aware that You are sharing your profile information with Us. We would like to inform you that these social networks operate under their own privacy policies.
Your data are intended for the GIVENCHY departments that handle Your requests. We ensure that Your personal data are only accessible to people who are duly authorized and when needed for the purposes cited above. We do not share Your data with third parties for marketing purposes. When necessary, and whenever possible in a format that does not identify you directly, we may share Your information with other GIVENCHY affiliates or related companies in order to provide You the same personalized service worldwide
Your data are intended for the GIVENCHY departments that handle Your requests. We ensure that Your personal data are only accessible to people who are duly authorized and when needed for the purposes cited above. We do not share Your data with third parties for marketing purposes. When necessary, and whenever possible in a format that does not identify you directly, we may share Your information with our trusted third-party service providers, including other entities in the LVMH Group in their capacity as subcontractor acting on Our directives and solely on Our behalf. For example, We entrust some services to third parties that deliver a product to You, service providers with payment and secure transaction platforms with fraud prevention, vendors that help Us coordinate Our events, suppliers of IT services, web marketing and public relations agencies, and vendors that assist Us with customer service. Payments through our Website are managed on-line with the relevant banking organisations through facilities offered by CyberSource Corporation, a third party based in the USA which enables us to accept and manage payments, mitigate fraud, and secure payment data. Your personal data including your name, email address, delivery details, telephone number, details of the placed order and credit card or other payment details will be disclosed and used by CyberSource Corporatio our trusted service provider FORTER n exclusively for the purposes of providing fraud screening services as further detailed in our terms and conditions of sale. The purpose of this automated data processing is to define a level of analysis of a transaction to fight against fraud. FORTER and GIVENCHY are the recipients of Your Data and FORTER may, in its capacity as data controller, use and process your personal information in accordance with applicable privacy and data protection laws. You can read about the ways by which FORTER may use and process your personal information in this address website_url_lnk. We will also use third party subcontractors in order to provide you with interest-based advertising based on the data collected from You and through your use of Our website.
Your data are intended for the GIVENCHY departments that handle Your requests. We ensure that Your personal data are only accessible to people who are duly authorized and when needed for the purposes cited above. We do not share Your data with third parties for marketing purposes. When necessary, and whenever possible in a format that does not identify you directly, we may share Your information with third parties in the event of a change in management for legal reasons or with Our prior consent.
We may also likely provide You the option of using your social media login information. In this case, be aware that You are sharing your profile information with Us. We would like to inform you that these social networks operate under their own privacy policies. 
In the case of cross-border transfers, we ensure that adequate protection is provided when personal data is transferred outside the European Economic Area. In specific cases, if this level of protection is not guaranteed, we will obtain your prior consent or establish a contractual framework with the recipient of the personal data and ensure that sufficient measures are in place to provide an adequate level of protection abroad.
Means by which the privacy of your data is protected
GIVENCHY has implemented the proper technical and organizational measures to ensure that Your personal data are kept confidential and secure in the event they are ever lost, destroyed, corrupted, accessed or unlawfully disclosed. GIVENCHY's computer systems are protected by physical and digital means that meet the highest industry standards. In compliance with current French law and European regulations on personal data protection, procedures are in place to physically and electronically safeguard the data collected on the website. GIVENCHY's service providers and contractors are bound by written agreements to implement adequate security measures to protect Your personal data in accordance with the relevant regulations. Your data may be accessed, transferred or stored outside the European Union and made accessible to employees who work for Us or for one of Our trusted service providers (i.e. a store other than Your primary store may access your purchase history, our trusted service provider will access to Your Data for fraud prevention purpose). We do so securely in compliance with the applicable law and make every effort to ensure that third parties honor the commitment stated in this Privacy Policy. Due to their position, GIVENCHY employees with access to Your personal data are required to sign a confidentiality agreement. The financial institution designated by GIVENCHY stores all of the financial information You provide on the website on its secure site. Transactions completed on the website are protected by SSL encryption.
Your rights under the European Directive GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)
Below is a summary of the rights to which You are entitled under this regulation.
Right to information
You have the right to obtain clear, transparent and intelligible information on how We use Your personal data and on Your rights. All of this information can be found in this Privacy Policy.
Right to access
You have the right to access the personal data that GIVENCHY possesses about You
Right to rectification
You have the right to rectify Your personal data if it is inaccurate or outdated and to complete any missing data.
Right to erasure/right to be forgotten
You have the right to erase or delete your data. However, this right may be restricted for legal reasons or due to Our legitimate interests in retaining Your personal data.
Right to opt out of direct marketing
At any time, you may request to stop receiving Our messages pertaining to Our promotions, news and events. Specifically, you can use the hyperlink provided for this purpose in every email We send to You.
Right to withdraw consent to process consent-based data at any time
You can withdraw Your consent for Us to process Your data when the processing is based on consent. 
You also have the right to contact Your country's data protection authority to file a complaint against GIVENCHY's data and privacy protection practices.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or GIVENCHY's personal data protection practices or if you would like to exercise one of the aforementioned rights, please email us at: mydata@givenchy.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
GIVENCHY is inclined to update this Privacy Policy based on legal and regulatory circumstances and to keep You informed of any changes in our practices on processing Your personal data. GIVENCHY advises You to check this section or click on the Privacy Policy link on the bottom of the website's homepage or in the Legal Notice section so that You are always aware of the most recent version of the Privacy Policy when You interact with GIVENCHY.
23/06/2022
Change Location or Language Close
Select a country / region and Language
Country / Region / Currency
Language
UPDATE PREFERENCES 