Join for 15% off 
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out Glassons' obligations in line with the Privacy Act 2020 (' Privacy Act '). This policy also takes into consideration requirements under the General
Data Protection Regulation as it applies to European Union residents who interact with us, as well as requirements under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Where the terms 'information' or 'personal information' are used in this policy this is a reference to both 'personal information' as defined in the Privacy Act and to 'personal data' for the purposes of the GDPR (if applicable).
Glassons value our customers and respect your privacy. We collect information about you through our website in an effort to improve your shopping experience, as well as communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. As described in this policy, we may under certain circumstances share your information among third parties that provide services on our behalf or with whom we have partnered to offer a particular product or service. 
This privacy policy applies only to information collected online by Glassons.com and describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it and when we share it with third parties. If our information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our website.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy please contact us via the CONTACT US link, found on our website.
What kind of information does Glassons collect?
We collect personal information about you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, gender, birthday etc., when you visit our website, register with our website, place an online order, save your information with us online, contact us with a question or concern, or participate in a promotion.
How does Glassons collect your data?
You directly provide us with most of the data we collect.
We collect data when you register online or place an order
We collect data when you sign up to receive our newsletter
We collect data when you voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback via email
We collect data when you use our website via pixels, web beacons, ad tags, mobile identifiers and 'cookies'
We collect data when you participate in any of Glassons competitions
We collect data when you communicate with us on Glassons social media platforms
We collect data when you contact Glassons via email or phone
We collect data when you chat with Glassons "Charlie" chatbot
How does Glassons use my information?
We may use your personal information in the following ways: to process and fulfill your order, including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment
We may use your personal information in the following ways: to communicate with you and to send you information by email, postal mail or other means about our products, services and promotions, unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications
We may use your personal information in the following ways: to administer and fulfill our promotions
We may use your personal information in the following ways: to help us learn more about your shopping preferences
We may use your personal information in the following ways: to help us address problems with and improve our site design, products and services
We may use your personal information in the following ways: to enhance your shopping experience
We may use your personal information in the following ways: to analyse trends and statistics
We may use your personal information in the following ways: to protect the security or integrity of our website and our business
We may use your personal information in the following ways: to contact you if necessary
We may use your personal information in the following ways: for personalisation and automated decision-making, you may have the right to opt out of some automated processing, including profiling. To do so, please contact us at info@glassons.com
You always have the choice not to receive marketing information. For instructions on opting out, please see the section entitled, "How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications?" below.
Does Glassons share my information?
We may share your personal information in the following ways: with our service providers who manage our customer information and perform services on our behalf, such as fulfilling promotions, sending communications to our customers etc. We do not authorise these service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information
We may share your personal information in the following ways: to conform to legal requirements (including, but not limited to, requirements in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or government request) or comply with legal process, or to help maintain the law
Data should not be shared with third parties unless necessary for providing above mentioned services and with prior consent. 
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data: the right to be informed about how your personal data is being used.
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data: the right to request access to personal data we hold about you.
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data: the right to ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you.
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data: the right to object to processing of your personal data and to withdraw any consent you have given us and to opt out of any marketing communications that we may send you.
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data: the right to restrict processing of your personal data.
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data: the right to object to certain automated decision-making processes using your personal data including profiling.
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data: the right to request that we erase your personal data in certain circumstances (the right to be forgotten) for example when the data are no longer necessary for the purpose for which we collected them.
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data: the right to have your personal data provided to you by us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmitted to another data controller. This is known as the right to data portability.
How do I access or change my information?
You can review and change certain personal information related to your use of our online sites (such as your name and contact information). To access your information on the Glassons website, simply sign in to your account using your email address and password, and you will be able to edit your personal information in your account profile.
You may also ask us to update your personal information by contacting us as described in the CONTACT menu. Please note that any request to update your personal information may take up to 10 working days to process.
How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications?
Glassons wants to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive promotional information, such as information about special offers and sales events, you can let us know by contacting our web administration as described in the CONTACT menu. You can choose to opt out of email promotional communications by clicking unsubscribe in the body of the email or by replying STOP to any SMS communication.
If contacting our web administration please be sure to include your full name and the email address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from Glassons. If you ask us to remove your name and address from promotional lists, we will maintain your name in a "do not contact" file to ensure that we can honor your request. It may take up to 10 working days to process your email request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from Glassons.
If you change your mind you can start receiving promotional communications from us again by logging into your online account and changing your preferences, by signing up when you visit our website or our stores or when you contact our web administration.
Please note that if you make an online purchase from us, we will continue to confirm your order status and shipment by email. We may also need to contact you via telephone, email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order.
How does Glassons protect children's privacy?
Glassons is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet. We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 16 without prior verifiable parental consent. Our website is a general audience site and is not targeted to or intended for use by children.
How does Glassons use cookies?
Our website uses "cookies," which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies enable you to shop on our websites and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalise your online browsing and shopping experience.
For example, we may use cookies to enable you to use certain website features, remember the items in your shopping cart, store your preferences, recognise you when you return to our website, track your orders, and monitor and maintain information about your use of our websites. Cookies may also be used to collect transaction information needed by a scrip or loyalty program to which you have authorised us to provide your personal information. (See the section entitled, "Does Glassons share my information?" above.)
You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it. If you do not accept cookies, however, you will not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our websites.
How do I know my personal information is secure?
We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience. Glassons limits the number of employees that have access to the databases that contain personal data, and employees are advised of the importance of confidentiality. In addition, it is our policy to never send your credit card number via email. As an added safeguard, Glassons does not store credit card information with your registered online profile.
When you enter your personal information on our website we use Secure Sockets Layer technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us. Where an online retailer uses SSL technology, at the checkout the online retailer serves and your PC encrypts everything that you enter into your computer, such as credit card details, billing and delivery address. When it is encrypted, generally other computers are unable to make sense of it, therefore keeping the information private while it is being transmitted.
To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser), then the SSL is active. To double check for security, look at the URL or Location line of your browser. If you have accessed a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line should change from "http" to "https".
While we implement the above security measures on this site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible.
By entering your details you give Glassons permission to add you to their database for promotional purposes.
GLASSONS LIMITED, Level 3, 235-237 Broadway, Newmarket, Auckland 1023, New Zealand, info@glassons.com, NZBN: 9429040315324