Join for 15% off 
Terms & Conditions
Issued by Glassons (Hallenstein Glasson Holdings Limited).
The following terms and conditions govern the use of Glassons online service including shopping and participation in promotions run by Glassons. You can access this Agreement at any time from the bottom of any page on the site.
Purchasing from glassons.com
Glassons is a New Zealand owned company.
Glassons.com gives customers convenient, quick, easy and secure shopping.
Products displayed on this site can be purchased using secure online Mastercard, Visa, and American Express transaction facility. Customers can be confident that all of their details are protected by the latest security mechanisms and are used only for purposes of the transaction fulfillment.
You will be asked to register as a member of glassons.com. Apart from the many member benefits, including receiving emails containing special deals, your shopping address details will be filed saving you the effort of entering these details each time you checkout. If you do not want to register as a member you will still be able to make a purchase. Your personal details and postal address will not be saved and you will not receive promotional communications.
The name that will appear on your statement after purchase will be Glassons Online.
Pricing
All prices are in New Zealand dollars (NZ$) and include GST (15% sales tax) or Australian dollars (AU$) and include GST (10% sales tax).
All prices are correct at time of publication; however we reserve the right to alter prices for any reason.
Colours
Every effort has been made to portray the colours of our products that appear on this website as accurately as possible. However, because the actual colours you see depend on the monitor you are using, Glassons cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any colour will be completely accurate.
Use of glassons.com by you
Your right to use this website is personal to you. You may not authorize others to use this website and you are responsible for your own use of this website.
You may not download, modify, transmit, or otherwise use any material from this website for public or commercial purposes.
This website content, information and advice is free of charge (unless otherwise stipulated). However, you are responsible for your own network and connection charges.
Other than connecting to Glassons' servers by HTTP requests using a web browser, you may not attempt to gain access to Glassons' servers by any means including, without limitation, by using administrator passwords or by masquerading as an administrator while using this website or otherwise.
You agree not to disrupt, modify or interfere with this website or its associated software, hardware and servers in any way and you agree not to impede or interfere with others' use of this website. You further agree not to alter or tamper with any information or materials on, or associated with, Glassons and this website.
Copyright
Glassons is a trademark of Hallenstein Glasson Holdings Limited. The copyright and other intellectual property rights in the material contained in this website are protected by Hallenstein Bros. Ltd. Any reproduction or use of any of the contents of this website without the express written consent of Glassons is prohibited.
Disclaimer
This online service provides general information about Glassons and the products and services they offer. The information contained in this website has been prepared solely for the purpose of providing information about Glassons and the services and products they offer. Glassons reserves the right to change, delete or move any of the material on this website at any time without notice.
Glassons shall not be liable to you or any third parties for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages allegedly sustained arising out of your access to or inability to access this website. This includes viruses alleged to have been obtained from this website, your use of or reliance on this website or any of the information or materials available on this website, regardless of the type of claim or the nature of the cause of action. By your use of this website, you agree that you are using this website solely at your own risk.