Loading...
CYBER MONDAY: Last Day! Online Only, Extra 20% Off Select Styles, Free Shipping On Orders Over $59! 
Shop Women's Shop Men's 
Tue Dec 03 01:21:52 EST 2024
Customer Help 
Policies
Privacy / Ad Cookies 
Sale Terms 
Text Terms 
Hollister House Rewards Terms 
Website Terms of Use 
Endorsements Social Media Engagement 
Site Map 
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info 
Responsible Disclosure 
About Us
Brand Protection 
Press Room 
California Disclosures
CA Cleaning Product Right to Know Act 
CA Privacy Rights 
CA Supply Chains Act 
External Links
Careers 
A&F Gives Back 
Privacy Policy
Hollister Co. US
Privacy Notice
Last Updated and Effective Date: 05/23/2024
Hollister Co. values your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Notice summarizes what information we collect and how we use it. It applies information we collect when you: access our technology platforms (including, but not limited to, Websites, Apps, Social Media Pages, and all other Hollister Co.-controlled properties that link to this Notice) (collectively, "Platforms"); engage with us via social media; shop online or in our stores; participate in a sweepstakes, contest, or any other promotion; complete a survey or questionnaire; participate in a focus group or other consumer or market research project; post a product review; send us any feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, or ideas; and interact with us, including but not limited to our communications with you via text message and email.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, we may refer to Hollister Co. as "HCo," "we," "us," or "our." When we say "Websites," we mean HollisterCo.com, affiliated Hollister Co.-controlled websites (such as fundraising websites, promotional websites, or websites utilized for consumer and marketing research) and any other microsites or mobile websites we operate or use. "Apps" refers to the mobile applications we make available for download on your personal device. "Social Media Pages" are the official social media pages we operate on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, and other social media platforms. This Privacy Notice applies to all our Platforms (or pages or tabs within Platforms) that feature brands owned by Hollister Co. (including Gilly Hicks) and to our communications with you via texts and emails that may refer to these brands. If you have any questions about these definitions or anything else in this Privacy Notice, email us at privacy@anfcorp.com.
Information We Collect
We collect different types of information about you. In the past 12 months we may have collected the following information: location: We use various technologies to learn your geographic location, including by collecting your IP address or other device information, which may depend on your device's settings for location services. 
We collect different types of information about you. In the past 12 months we may have collected the following information: device Information: We learn about your browser, device type, IP address, internet service provider, and other technical information about your device when you visit or interact with our Platforms or online ads, or emails (e.g., open our emails or click on links within our emails). By visiting our website, using our platforms, or signing-up to receive emails you consent to allow us to collect this type of information, as well as to disclose it to our service providers. 
We collect different types of information about you. In the past 12 months we may have collected the following information: contact Information: We collect contact information, which includes personal information like name, email address, phone number, and address. 
We collect different types of information about you. In the past 12 months we may have collected the following information: payment Details: Your payment details can be collected and stored within your House Rewards account or collected in connection with an order, return, promotion, contest, or fundraising event. 
We collect different types of information about you. In the past 12 months we may have collected the following information: call records, email records, text records, and chat logs: If you call, email, text, or chat with our customer service agents, we may keep records of those conversations. To the extent that you interact with AI Tools on our Apps (as described in our Website Terms of Use), we may also keep records of those interactions as well, including but not limited to chatlogs or conversations. As specified in our Website Terms of Use, personal information should not be entered into AI Tools, and if you do so, it is at your own risk. 
We collect different types of information about you. In the past 12 months we may have collected the following information: shopping History: We keep track of your shopping history with us, including the items you purchase, save to My Saves or add to your shopping bag. 
We collect different types of information about you. In the past 12 months we may have collected the following information: websites/Apps Interactions: We collect information about your interactions with our Platforms, including browsing and search history, pages visited, links clicked, buttons clicked, mouse movement, scroll behavior, and non-sensitive keystroke activity. This data may then be used to create a "session replay" of your interaction, which may be used to troubleshoot customer service issues, either individually or in the aggregate, to improve site functionality and to analyze user interaction. This information could include personal information, depending on what information you provide. 
We collect different types of information about you. In the past 12 months we may have collected the following information: submitted Content: We collect any content you submit to our Platforms, including photos, videos, reviews, and preferences such as shopping and style interests. For more details about user-generated content, check out our Endorsements and Social Media Engagement policy. 
We collect different types of information about you. In the past 12 months we may have collected the following information: demographic Information: We may collect demographic details about you like birthdate, height and weight, gender, ZIP code, and other similar details. 
We collect different types of information about you. In the past 12 months we may have collected the following information: social Media Usage: We may collect information about people who visit and interact with our Social Media Pages. "Aggregated" means information that doesn't include personal information associated with identified people. 
How Your Information is Collected
We may collect the information described above directly from you, from third parties we partner with, or through cookies or other automated means. These sources may include you: We collect information directly from you, whenever you: make a purchase or return merchandise through one of our stores or through our Platforms; visit a store; contact us with questions or comments; upload content to our Platforms; submit a product rating and review; enter our contests or sweepstakes or contests or sweepstakes we are affiliated with; interact with AI Tools; make a donation for an affiliated fundraising event; register for an event or affiliated event; consent to receive our promotional emails, or communicate with us; save items to My Saves or add to your shopping bag; create a House Rewards account; respond to a survey or questionnaire; engage or participate in customer or market research; contact Customer Service; sign up for investor information; apply for a job or modeling opportunity; or fill out any forms on our Platforms. 
We may collect the information described above directly from you, from third parties we partner with, or through cookies or other automated means. These sources may include your Device or Browser: Certain information is automatically collected from your device or browser and analyzed when you visit our Platforms, interact with our Social Media Pages or online advertising, interact with our Wi-Fi, or open our emails. 
We may collect the information described above directly from you, from third parties we partner with, or through cookies or other automated means. These sources may include third Parties: We work with third parties who provide services to us or to you, like analytics, advertising, and technology companies. These third parties share information they have collected with us. Your information may also be collected and processed by third parties, such as the payment providers you select, who will process your information independently in accordance with their own privacy notices. Your information may also be shared with us by others, such as your friends and family, when they use a service on our Platforms; for example, by sending you an E-Gift Card or shipping an order to your address. If someone else has provided us with your information, we will only process your information for the applicable purposes as described below in How We Use Your Information. 
We may collect the information described above directly from you, from third parties we partner with, or through cookies or other automated means. These sources may include social Media Platforms: Social media platforms share information, which is typically aggregated and doesn't include personal data, with HCo. You can learn more about how social media platforms collect and use your information by reviewing their privacy notices and settings. 
We may collect the information described above directly from you, from third parties we partner with, or through cookies or other automated means. These sources may include tracking Tehcnologies: HCo uses cookies (small files stored on your device or browser), pixel tags (tiny graphic images embedded in a website or email), and other similar technologies to automatically collect information when you visit or interact with our Platforms, or interact with our emails. Through the use of tracking technologies, we may link information about your interactions with our Platforms or emails over time. We also contract with third party advertising or analytics companies to serve you online ads on other websites. These companies use cookies or similar technologies to collect information about your interactions with our Platforms and interactions with other websites. These advertising companies may use and share the information gathered to deliver ads more tailored to your interests. We receive aggregate information from these third parties to understand our advertising effectiveness. Any information collected by us or by third parties through the use of cookies or similar technologies may be linked with other information we collect about you. 
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: fulfillment: Fulfilling your orders and other requests (like returns), including processing payments and delivering packages. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: advertising: Presenting advertising online and via email, text messages, or other communication channels, including through partnerships with social media platforms and internet search engines. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: understanding You: Analyzing your activity with us (including your interactions with our store, Platforms, affiliated websites, fundraisers, promotions, surveys and focus groups, and emails or other forms of communication) and monitoring the effectiveness of our advertising and communications. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: personalization: Using your preferences and other collected information to personalize our relationship with you, including presenting customized communication, advertising and experiences on our Platforms (e.g., personalized size and fit recommendations), Emails, and ads on Social Media. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: product Rating and Reviews: Post product reviews that you have submitted. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: communications: Communicating with you, including responding to your requests and asking for feedback through surveys or other messages. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: promotions: Running contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: fundraising: Managing your registration for our events, including communication with you about your ticket and attendance; recording attendance; processing donations, and improving fundraising participants' experience. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: hiring: Recruiting and hiring HCo associates. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: house Rewards: We collect your contact and transaction information to administer Hollister House Rewards and offer rewards or special promotions. That information is shared with our service providers. Your contact information may also be shared with social media companies or third-party advertisers for targeted advertising. If you ask that we delete your information we will not be able to provide you with the benefits of Hollister House Rewards as those benefits are based upon the points that are associated to you. To learn more, check out the House Rewards terms. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: inside A&F: Some myAbercrombie members may have the opportunity to join Inside A&F. Inside A&F may collect your information in exchange for points that can be applied to myAbercrombie accounts for rewards. The information we collect on Inside A&F is used to improve our products and better understand our customers. Inside A&F may ask for information that may be considered sensitive in some jurisdictions. Participation is voluntary and sensitive information is not shared with third parties (other than our service providers). If you ask that we delete your information we will not be able to provide you with the benefits of Inside A&F as those benefits are based upon actions that are associated to you. To learn more, check out Inside A&F Rules of Participation. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: your Experience: Serving content on our Platforms, developing our products and services, better understanding your needs and preferences, and constantly improving your experience. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: security: Protecting HCo and you from fraud, security threats, and other illegal or harmful activity. 
We may use the information we collect for the following business purposes: legal Obligations: Complying with legal and regulatory requirements and responding to requests from courts or other government bodies. 
We may use aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you, for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. To the extent we maintain and use personal information in a de-identified form, we will not attempt to re-identify such information, except as permitted by law.
How We Share Information with Our Brands and Third Parties and For What Purposes
HCo may share personal information with third parties for certain purposes. For example, we share personal information with affiliated Brands & Companies: We may share your information between various brands owned by HCo, including Gilly Hicks, as well as with our affiliated brands, like Abercrombie & Fitch or abercrombie kids, and other related companies. 
HCo may share personal information with third parties for certain purposes. For example, we share personal information with service Providers: We partner with third parties to assist with many aspects of our e-commerce business, including fulfilling orders, advertising, analyzing your interests and activity on our Platforms, and helping us communicate with customers. These third parties may provide services related to any of the purposes described in Information We Collect, and we may share with them any types of information described in Information We Collect. We may also receive information collected by these third parties and combine it with the information we have collected. Some of these third parties may be located outside the United States. Your information may also be collected and processed by third parties, such as the payment providers you select, who will process your information independently in accordance with their own privacy notices. 
HCo may share personal information with third parties for certain purposes. For example, we share personal information with marketing Providers: We partner with third parties to assist with the advertising and marketing of our business. We may share with them the types of information described in How We Use Your Information. We may also receive information collected by these third parties and combine it with the information we have collected. 
HCo may share personal information with third parties for certain purposes. For example, we share personal information with other Third Parties: We will disclose information about you, including to government bodies or law enforcement agencies, when we believe it to be necessary for compliance with the law or to protect the users of our Websites and Apps, our Websites and Apps, or the public. 
HCo may share personal information with third parties for certain purposes. For example, we share personal information with parties to a Business Transaction: If HCo were ever merged with or acquired by another company, or it acquires another company, or is involved in a corporate reorganization or other change in corporate control, your information could be shared with that business entity. 
HCo may share personal information with third parties for certain purposes. For example, we share personal information with other Disclosures: We may disclose your information to other third parties when we have your consent or direction to do so. 
Your Privacy Choices
You can control the information we collect and use in the following ways: location Information: You can disable location-based services on your mobile device or web browser by adjusting the settings on your device or browser. This will prevent our Websites and Apps from accessing your location information. Please note that some services, including check-in or nearby store locations, may not be available if you disable location-based services. 
You can control the information we collect and use in the following ways: push Notifications: We only send push notifications to Apps users who agree to receive them. To stop receiving push notifications, adjust the settings on your mobile device. 
You can control the information we collect and use in the following ways: emails: You can unsubscribe from House Rewards marketing emails and HCo brand marketing emails (including marketing emails from Gilly Hicks) by going to the Unsubscribe page and entering the email address associated with your marketing subscription, or by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any of these emails or by updating your marketing preferences in your House Rewards account profile if you are a House Rewards member. Please note, if you are a House Rewards member, you will continue to receive relationship/operational emails related to House Rewards after you have unsubscribed from marketing emails unless your House Rewards account is cancelled. If you wish to cancel your House Rewards account, email us at hollisterco@hollisterco.com from the email address of the account you wish to cancel. 
You can control the information we collect and use in the following ways: texts: We won't send you any text messages unless you consent to receive them. To stop receiving text messages, including shipping alert text messages, reply "STOP" to any text message you have received from us. More information about opting out of text messages is available in the Text Terms. 
You can control the information we collect and use in the following ways: online Accounts: You can keep your contact information and payment methods accurate and up to date by logging into your account on our Websites or Apps. If you wish to cancel your House Rewards account, email us at hollisterCo@hollisterCo.com from the email address of the account you wish to cancel. 
You can control the information we collect and use in the following ways: social Media: This Privacy Notice doesn't cover the privacy and security practices of social media platforms on which HCo has Social Media Pages. Please review the terms, policies, and settings of those social media platforms if you have questions about how they collect and use your data. 
Additional Privacy Rights Based on Residency
Based on where you live, you may have certain privacy rights regarding your personal information. These rights are subject to exemptions and other limitations under applicable law.
You may have the right to request that we confirm whether we are processing your personal information or not and provide you access to your personal information. In some circumstances, you may request that we provide your personal information in a portable and readily usable format.
You may have the right to request more information about how we process your information, such as the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we collect, use, disclose, and "sell" about you.
You may have the right to request that we delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions. 
You may have the right to opt out of any sales/sharing of your personal information for purposes of cross-context targeted advertising that may be occurring.
You may have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
HCO will not discriminate against you because you have exercised any of your rights under applicable law.
How to Submit a Request
If you wish to exercise your rights, please submit your request through this webform or toll-free at (866) 681-3115.
To process your request to access, delete, or correct your personal information, we must be able to verify your identity to make sure you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Information or an authorized representative. You may be asked to provide us with information such as your name, home address, email address, telephone number, whether you are a member of Hollister House Rewards, and a description of items purchased in your most recent order. We will compare the information you provide in the webform or to our Customer Service agents via the toll-free number, to any information we may have in our possession to verify your request. We may also contact you to request additional information in relation to your request. The information you provide must match the information we have in our possession. This measure is in place to help protect your personal information. The information collected through this process will be used for verification purposes only.
Please note that you may authorize an agent to exercise any of these rights on your behalf by contacting us toll-free at (866) 681-3115 or by submitting the request through the webform. If you use an agent, we will take measures to verify your agent's authorization like the verification described above for fulfilling any access, deletion, or correction requests. We may require more information to ensure proper verification of you and your agent's identity and authorization.
If you wish to appeal the decision we made with respect to your request, you may do so within 30 days from the date the decision was made. You may email us at privacy@anfcorp.com. Alternatively, if you submitted your request through the webform, you may simply indicate your desire to appeal the decision within the data rights portal to which you will have access. 
For more information on your right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information for purposes of cross-context targeted advertising, please visit Do Not Sell/Share My personal information.
Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
While we do not sell your personal information for monetary consideration, certain state laws may characterize our sharing of personal information with companies that provide services to us, such as companies that help us to market or advertise our products and services to you, as "sales"/ "sharing" for purposes of cross-context targeted advertising.
Categories of personal information disclosed that may be considered a "sale"/ "sharing" for purposes of cross-context targeted advertising under applicable law: Identifiers, Geolocation data, Internet or other electronic network activity information.
Categories of third parties to whom personal information was disclosed that may be considered a "sale"/ "sharing" for purposes of cross-context targeted advertising under applicable law: advertisers, social networks, and marketing partners.
You can opt out of the "sale"/"sharing" of personal information for purposes of cross-context targeted advertising by clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" link at the bottom of our website and selecting your preferences.
Please note that your request to opt out of "sale"/"sharing" for cross-context targeted advertising will be linked to the specific browser or device you are currently using. If you change browsers or devices, or if you clear your browser's cache, you may need to click the link again to reapply your preference. Additionally, if you are not logged in to your Hollister House Rewards account or if you don't have an account, you may need to opt out each time you visit our website.
You may also use an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control signal, to opt out of "sale"/"sharing" for cross-context targeted advertising by using a supported browser and browser extensions. You can learn more about how to download and use a browser that supports the GPC signal on the Global Privacy Control website. Please note that the GPC signal will not be recognized across devices or browsers. You will need to turn the GPC signal on for each supported browser, browser extension, and device that you use. 
HCO does not knowingly sell personal information of customers under the age of 16 without affirmative consent.
Opting-In
If you have opted-out of the sale/sharing of your personal information for purposes of cross-context targeted advertising, you are welcome to opt back in at any time. To opt-in, contact us via email at privacy@anfcorp.com and clearly request to opt-in to the sale/sharing of your personal information for purposes of cross-context targeted advertising.
If you are between the ages of 13 and 15 and wish to opt-in to the sale/sharing of your personal information for purposes of cross-context targeted advertising, you may contact us via email at privacy@anfcorp.com and clearly request to opt-in to the sale/sharing of your personal information for purposes of cross-context targeted advertising.
Managing Content
You may request removal of any of your User-Generated Content by sending a removal request email to privacy@anfcorp.com. Your email must include a link to the URL of the page on which your User-Generated Content is posted or a description of the page on which it is posted. Please note that removal may not encompass all possible locations; for example, back-ups or sharing by other users initiated prior to removal.
International Users
If you're using our U. S.-based Platforms while located outside the United States, keep in mind that this Privacy Notice may apply to you. Any information we collect from you could be stored on servers and shared with third parties located in the United States or other countries. The rules and laws that apply to the collection and use of personal data in the United States or other countries may differ from those in your country. 
Children's Privacy
Our Websites, Apps, Social Media pages, AI Tools, and other Hollister Co.-controlled properties aren't intended for kids under 13. No one under 13 should share any personal information with us, including creating a House Rewards account or making a purchase. The children's clothing we offer for sale is intended for purchase by adults only. We don't knowingly collect any personal information from kids under 13. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete that information from our records. To request deletion of personal information relating to a child under 13, please email privacy@anfcorp.com.
Security Statement
HCo has implemented security technologies, processes, and procedures designed to protect your information. You can protect your information by selecting strong, unique passwords for the website and any associated email addresses. If you have concerns about the security of your account, please contact us.
HCo participates in a vulnerability disclosure program. If you have information about potential vulnerabilities, please visit our vulnerability disclosure page to review our guidelines and complete the disclosure form.
Supported Web Browsers and Do Not Track Signals
We recommend that you use the latest web browser versions to optimize your experience. Older web browser versions may not be able to access or utilize all pages on our website as intended.
HCo may not be able to receive or honor web browser "Do Not Track" signals and our website may continue to collect information in the manner described within this Privacy Notice.
Updates
We will make updates to our privacy practices from time to time. If we make any material changes to our privacy practices, we will update this Privacy Notice and change the effective date at the top of this page.
Questions?
Send your privacy-related questions, comments, and concerns to us via email at privacy@anfcorp.com or via mail at hollister Co.
Attn: Legal-Privacy 
6301 Fitch Path 
New Albany, Ohio, 43054 USA
Additional Disclosures for California Residents
California law requires us to disclose the following information related to our privacy practices. If you are a California resident, the following sections apply to you in addition to the rest of the Privacy Notice.
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed
The table below identifies the categories of personal information we have collected in the past twelve months and which we will continue to collect. It also lists the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose. 
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Business Purpose Categories of Personal Information Collected. Categories of Recipients To Whom Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose 
Identifiers. this may include real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, email address, and account name.. 
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Business partners
Data analytics providers
Internet services providers
Operating systems and platforms
Other service providers
Payment processors and financial institutions
Social networks
Financial Information. this may include signature, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information.. 
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Data analytics providers
Other service providers
Payment processors and financial institutions
Characteristics of protected classifications. this may include age and sex.. 
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Data analytics providers
Other service providers
Payment processors and financial institutions 
Social networks
Commercial information. this may include information about products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.. 
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Business partners
Data analytics providers
Other service providers
Payment processors and financial institutions 
Internet or other electronic network activity information. this may include browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.. 
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Business partners
Data analytics providers
Internet service providers
Operating systems and platforms
Other service providers
Payment processors and financial institutions 
Social networks
Geolocation data. 
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Data analytics providers
Internet service providers
Other service providers
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. 
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Other service providers
Professional or employment-related information. 
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Other service providers
Inferences drawn from any of the information listed above. 
Affiliates or subsidiaries
Data analytics providers
Other service providers
Social networks
Some of the personal information we collect is considered "sensitive personal information" under California law. We collect the following categories of sensitive personal information (as defined under California law): driver's license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in credentials, precise geolocation (via our mobile app when you consent to such collection), sexual orientation, and racial or ethnic origin. This information is collected to process transactions, comply with laws, manage our business, or provide you with products and services. Note that we do not use such information for any purposes that are not identified within the California Privacy Rights Act Section 1798.121. We do not "sell" or "share" sensitive personal information for purposes of cross-context targeted advertising.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes stated in this Privacy Notice, unless otherwise extending the retention period is required or permitted by law or subject to our retention policies as may be in place from time to time. The data storage period may vary with scenario, product, and service. The standards we use to determine the retention periods include but are not limited to: the time required to retain personal data to fulfill business purposes, including providing products and services; maintaining corresponding transaction and business records; controlling and improving the performance and quality of the website; handling possible user queries or complaints and locating problems; whether the user agrees to a longer retention period; and whether the laws, contracts, and other equivalencies have special requirements for data retention. 
Additional California Privacy Rights
You may also make a written request to HCo about how we have shared your personal information during the prior calendar year with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. In response to your written request, HCo is allowed to provide you with a cost-free means to opt-out of such sharing.
HCo has chosen to provide you with a cost-free means to opt-out of such sharing, which you can accomplish by completing our Third-Party Direct Marketing Opt-Out Form and emailing it to privacy@anfcorp.com. If you are unable to access this form, you may also instruct us to no longer share your personal information with third parties who will use it for direct marketing purposes by sending us an email at privacy@anfcorp.com with the following information: your name and all of the postal addresses and email addresses that you have provided to us. You may also opt out by sending this same information to us as the following address: attn: Privacy Notice Manager
Abercrombie & Fitch Stores, Inc. 
6301 Fitch Path 
New Albany, Ohio 43054
California Notice of Financial Incentive
We offer our customers a loyalty program (House Rewards) that provides certain perks, such as discounts, rewards and special promotions. We may also provide other programs, such as Inside A&F, sweepstakes, contests, newsletters, or other similar promotional campaigns (collectively, the "Programs"). When you sign up for one of our Programs, we will ask you to provide your name and contact information (such as email address and telephone number). Because our Programs involve the collection of personal information, they might be interpreted as a "financial incentive" program under California law. The value of your personal information to us is related to the value of the free or discounted products or services, or other benefits that you obtain or that are provided as part of the applicable Program.
You may withdraw from participating in a Program at any time by contacting us using the designated method set forth in the applicable Program terms. Visit the terms and conditions page of each Program to view full details, including how to join. To learn more, check out the House Rewards terms.
Open Customer Service chat 
product quickview modal
Close product quickview modal 
password migration modal
Close password migration modal 
We've Made Some Changes! 
We've made some updates to our site that require your password to be reset. You can create a completely new password or continue using your existing password, it's up to you. 
Website Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Continue to Password Reset 
Email preferences
Close Email preferences 
Select a store
Close Select a store 
Regional Preferences
Close Regional Preferences 
How would you like to shop Hollister? 
Ship to 
United States
Currency 
US Dollar (USD)
Language 
English
Español
Currency
Close Currency 
Search Currencies
Set Currency Processing Changed 
Change Location
Close Change Location 
success modal
Close success modal 
forgot password modal
Close forgot password modal 
Enter Your Email 
We'll send you a temporary password so you can quickly sign in and continue.
Email
Please enter a valid email address. 
Website Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Send Temporary Password Processing 
Check Your Email 
Temporary Password
Invalid password. Please try again or send a new temporary password below. 
I agree to the Hollister House Rewards Terms and the Website Terms of Use. For more information about our privacy policy, see our Privacy Policy and California Notice of Financial Incentive. 
Continue Processing 
Send Me a New Temporary Password
Change Password 
Create your new password below.
New Password Fields
New Password
The Password you entered does not meet the requirements. 
(Password must be 8-25 characters and contain numbers and letters.) 
Confirm Password
The Password you entered does not meet the requirements. 
(Password must be 8-25 characters and contain numbers and letters.)
Please correct the invalid fields. 
Create New Password Processing 
password migration modal
Close password migration modal 
We've Made Some Changes! 
We've made some updates to our site that require your password to be reset. You can create a completely new password or continue using your existing password, it's up to you. 
Website Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Continue to Password Reset 
Email preferences
Close Email preferences 