Skip to Main Content
Close
Confirm your ZIP Code
ZIP Code
Please enter a valid ZIP Code. 
Please enter a ZIP Code for offers, inventory, and dealers near you. 
Your location could not be detected. Please enter a ZIP Code. 
Please enter a valid ZIP Code. 
Use my current location Confirm 
Close
Local Dealer
Introducing Hyundai Shopper Assurance.
A whole new car buying experience designed to save you time and help make buying your new car as enjoyable as driving it.
Transparent Pricing 
Get online pricing up front so you can shop and compare with confidence. 
Flexible Test Drive 
Schedule a test drive in advance at your convenience. Or skip the dealership and we'll gladly bring your test drive to you. 
Streamlined Purchase 
On participating dealership websites, you can purchase your new Hyundai quickly and easily. It's a process called Hyundai Click to Buy. From credit applications, loan approvals and payment calculations to financing and trade-in options and home delivery, it's all done simply at your convenience. 
3 Day Worry-Free Exchange 
We're sure you'll love your new Hyundai. If for any reason you don't, return it within 3 days and exchange it for another new Hyundai. 
Car Care Express
Get in. Get out. Get back to your life. Enjoy fast oil changes and more to help maintain your Hyundai. Car Care Express is your best solution for quality and convenience for the following maintenance: hyundai Click to Buy
The easy way to buy a Hyundai online, Hyundai Click to Buy makes shopping from home fast and convenient. Using your smartphone, tablet or computer, it gives you the tools you need to get into your new Hyundai-whether you want to finance, lease or pay cash-plus a whole lot more. 
Shop from anywhere 
Trade in your vehicle online 
Take advantage of special offers 
Calculate your monthly payment 
Apply for credit 
Complete your paperwork online 
Transparent pricing 
Secure and convenient 
Have your Hyundai delivered to you 
IONIQ Dealer
These Hyundai dealers are certified for IONIQ 5 and IONIQ 6 sales, as well as service and maintenance for these models.
NEXO Fuel Cell Dealer
NEXO Fuel Cell is available at these dealers. They're also certified for NEXO Fuel Cell service and maintenance.
Evolve+ electric vehicle subscription service
Evolve+ is our month-to-month car subscription service that comes with 1,000 miles, insurance, maintenance, registration, and roadside assistance. And you can cancel at any time.
Your Privacy at a Glance 
Your Privacy at a Glance Privacy Policy Vehicle Technologies and Services Your Privacy Choices MyHyundai Privacy
Your Privacy at a Glance
Types of data we collect about you 
Data that identifies you 
Customer records 
Subscription info 
Vehicle data 
Biometrics 
Browsing data 
Get more details 
Who we share your data with 
Affiliates, subsidiaries, and dealers 
Service providers and suppliers 
Marketing partners 
Payment processors 
Third parties to comply with lawful requests 
Get more details 
How we use your data 
To provide services 
Safety, recall, warranty 
To improve services & offers 
To personalize content & experience 
Promotions 
Get more details 
When we may collect personal data 
Contact forms on our site or at our events 
Vehicle purchases at dealerships 
Vehicle service visits 
Enrollment and use of vehicle tech and services 
Use of our apps 
Contact with our customer service center 
Participation in surveys, sweepstakes, and contests 
Get more details 
Your privacy rights & choices 
Personal info access and updates 
Opting out 
Personal info requests 
Contacting customer service center 
Get more details 
Cookies & tracking 
We use cookies to collect browsing session information. You can manage your preferences here. 
Get more details 
If you live in California
If you are a California resident, please be sure to review the Hyundai Privacy Policy for important information about your rights under California privacy laws and how to submit a request to us pursuant to these rights. View California supplement 
Confirm your ZIP Code
ZIP Code
Please enter a valid ZIP code.
Please enter a ZIP Code for offers, inventory, and dealers near you.
Your location could not be detected. Please enter a ZIP Code.
Please enter a valid ZIP Code.
Use my current location
Confirm
Ask HeyHyundai
Welcome to Hyundai!
By using our websites, you agree to our use of cookies and Terms of Use. For more information or to manage cookie preferences, read our Privacy Policy or click Cookie Preferences. 
Cookie Preferences Accept
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit our website, we use cookies and similar technologies ("cookies"), which may collect browsing and usage information. Some of these cookies may be provided by third parties. We and these third parties use the information collected via cookies to operate and improve the website and our business, provide you with more personalized experiences, deliver advertising, understand how users interact with the website and other websites, secure our website and online services, and identify and prevent fraud. You can opt out of most cookies on our website, other than those that are necessary to effectively operate and secure our website and online services. 
Opt out of targeted advertising: our website includes Targeting Cookies that enable us and third parties to collect and use information about your device, browser and online activity for purposes of targeted advertising, on behalf of us and others. You may opt out of these on our website by turning off Targeting Cookies below. Your opt out is browser specific. So, if you come back to this website from a different device or use a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt out Targeting Cookies for that browser and device as well. Please review our Privacy Policy for more information about your privacy rights and choices regarding our information practices. 
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details 
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
Switch Label label
Cookies Details 
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies
These cookies collect information that is shared with third parties that may use the information for their own purposes. These cookies support business purposes such as marketing and market research, targeted advertising, and managing social media connections. If you disable Targeting Cookies, we may continue to present generic or contextual advertising to you.
Targeting Cookies
Switch Label label
Cookies Details 
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
Confirm My Choices