Skip to main content
These General Terms and Conditions (T&Cs) including the Privacy Policy govern the offer and sale of products on us.jimmychoo.com.
Please read these T&Cs carefully before ordering any Products on this website. By ordering any of our Products on this website, you agree to be bound by these T&Cs including the Privacy Policy.
USE OF SITE
Use of this Site, which is owned by J. Choo Limited (JIMMY CHOO) of 10 Howick Place, London, SW1P 1GW United Kingdom (Company Registered Number: 03185783) (VAT Number: GB 849150905), is subject to the following legal terms. (Terms). THESE TERMS FORM A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU, ON THE ONE HAND, AND JIMMY CHOO AND J CHOO USA, INC., ON THE OTHER HAND.
PLEASE NOTE THE ARBITRATION PROVISION SET FORTH BELOW, REQUIRING YOU TO ARBITRATE ANY CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST JIMMY CHOO AND/OR J CHOO USA, INC. ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS MEANS THAT YOU WILL NOT HAVE, AND YOU WAIVE, THE RIGHT FOR A JUDGE OR JURY TO DECIDE YOUR CLAIMS, AND THAT YOU MAY NOT PROCEED IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY.
Copyright and all other intellectual property rights, in both the content of this Site, including trademarks, names, logos displayed (the "Trademarks") on this Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks owned by JIMMY CHOO and licensed to J Choo USA, Inc.. Copyright 2013 J. Choo Limited. Except as expressly set out below, all rights are reserved.
Content included on the Site may be accessed by you for your own internal non-commercial use only. You may not copy, perform, publish, modify, transfer, create derivative works from, commercially exploit or otherwise use in whole or part any content, software, products or services obtained from this Site.
You may not delete or alter, in part or in whole, any copyright, trade mark, intellectual property or other legal notices from any part of this Site.
You will keep any password assigned to you which permits access to this Site or any part of this Site strictly confidential and shall not divulge it to any other person. Unauthorized use of this Site, including, but not limited to, unauthorized entry into it, misuse of passwords or misuse of any other information, is strictly prohibited.
You may not use this Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair this Site or interfere with any other party's access to and use of this Site.
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to this Site, computer systems or networks connected to this Site, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You must not use these facilities to commit or encourage a criminal offence, to insert, transmit or distribute viruses or corrupt data or to send any unsolicited advertisement or other promotional material (that is, "spam").
You agree that you will not engage in any activities related to this Site that are contrary to applicable laws or regulations. You may not use this Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these legal terms.
Unless authorized in writing by JIMMY CHOO, JIMMY CHOO expressly prohibits linking of any part of this Site to or from any other Sites (including so-called "deep-linking").
You are prohibited from using any marks for any purpose including, but not limited to use as meta tags on other pages or sites on the Internet.
JIMMY CHOO may terminate your access and use of any part of this Site at any time without notice. By accessing the Site, you warrant and represent to JIMMY CHOO that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of the information made available via the Site.
Choo Limited and J Choo USA, Inc. make no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the Site.
EXTERNAL LINKS
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of the Site owner and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk.
Social Media Access
If you choose the option to access or log-in through a third party social media service that you belong to, such as Facebook or Twitter, you grant us permission to access and use the information that you post or store on the applicable social media service, in accordance with the privacy policy of that service and the privacy settings that are applicable to your account, and to store the user name and password you use to log-in to the applicable social media service. For more information on how we use the information we collect about you from these social media services, please review our Privacy Policy. For more details on how you can manage the information provided to us by these social media services, please review the privacy settings applicable to your account with the applicable social media service.
RETURNS
We request that all goods are returned within 14 days of the date of receiving your order and should be compliant with the below returns policy.
We request that returns are shipped through our shipping partner UPS using the returns labels. Choo USA Inc. is not liable for any returned goods which are not returned in this way. The return address is stated on the pre-printed shipping label supplied with your goods. Failure to obtain an RMA or return goods using the prepaid UPS returns process does not affect your statutory rights.
J Choo USA, Inc. will not accept returns for any items that have been worn, exposed to damaging elements or if the JIMMY CHOO tags have been removed. Returns that are soiled or damaged through wear and tear may not be accepted for a refund or exchange. Should an item be received by you in a damaged state or without tags, we ask you contact us immediately. We strongly recommend that products and packaging are checked thoroughly before they are tried on or any tags or packing are disposed of.
All shoes should be tried on a carpeted surface and kept in protective dust bags provided until you are certain you are keeping them.
The original JIMMY CHOO shoe box is considered a part of the product and shoes returned without it may be sent back to the customer.
Please be aware that international custom duties and taxes are not refunded for shipments outside of the United States.
While we are unable to exchange items for alternative styles and colors, we are able to assist by ensuring a smooth return and full refund, and then provide assistance with placing a new order for the preferred item. Please note any duties and taxes will be incurred again as per exchanges.
All undamaged, correctly returned products will be credited to the original purchaser's account excluding delivery charges.
APPAREL
Jimmy Choo Apparel is available exclusively online and all pieces are limited edition. Apparel items are only available to purchase online or in selected stores via our In Store Ordering App. Please visit your nearest store for more information. Please note as apparel items are an online exclusive they cannot be returned in any Jimmy Choo store. Returns that are damaged, soiled or returned without their original labels may not be accepted and may be sent back to the customer.
SWIMWEAR
Swimwear items may be returned providing they are in original condition with original labels attached. The underwear protective slip must also be intact. Please note items that have been worn, used, altered or damaged will not be accepted.
MADE TO ORDER
Due to the bespoke nature of the service, payment will be taken in full, 24-72 hours after the order is placed.
J Choo USA, Inc. shall aim to deliver the product within 14 weeks of the order confirmation; the delivery of an order is subject to the availability of materials and J Choo USA Inc. reserves the right amend the delivery time as necessary.
Delivery of Made-To-Order items created using exotic materials is expected to take an additional 4-6 weeks from the estimated date due to transit and customs clearance.
J Choo USA, Inc. shall be entitled to refuse any monogramming of initials which would result in an offensive word in any language at its sole discretion.
For store purchases: delivery of goods will be to the store of purchase for collection by the Customer. If the goods are not collected within 14 days of delivery to the store, J Choo USA, Inc. may dispose of the goods at its discretion without liability to the customer.
J Choo USA, Inc. shall be responsible for delivery of the goods and title shall pass on delivery of the order.
The shipment of exotic skins is subject to jurisdictional laws; as the Customer you are responsible for ensuring that the requested exotic material or skin can be shipped to your respective region/address. For more information on the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora ("CITES") please refer to website_url_lnk Your own country may have additional requirements beyond those adopted via CITES.
Once your order has been placed, due to the bespoke nature, we are unable to cancel or amend the order after 48 hours of order placement.
Payment in full will be taken within 24 hours of order placement.
Should the order be cancelled for whatever reason, after 48 hours of the placement of an order, J Choo, USA Inc. shall not be liable to refund any direct or indirect costs borne by the Customer, including purchase price, delivery costs and taxes. All cancellations will result in a refund due to the payment being taken in full at the time of purchase.
Requests to amend the order will result in the order being cancelled, you will be charged 100% of the total order value and a new order will need to be placed.
Fabric colors and materials may vary. J Choo USA, Inc. cannot accept responsibility for any variations in color, shade and texture and will not accept returns on this basis.
Please be aware that the image seen is a mocked visual representation of how your MADE-TO-ORDER item should look and there may be slight color/material variations in the actual product you receive.
JIMMY CHOO reserves all of its intellectual property rights in the designs of MADE-TO-ORDER products. Therefore, the design, as defined by the email confirmation order, is not unique to the customer.
PRICING POLICY
Customers will be charged in USD, GBP, EUR, JPY, AED, HKD, KRW, CNY, AUD or CAD depending on which region their shipping country falls under. For those customers with debit or credit cards not denominated in these currencies, the final price paid will depend on the exchange rate on the day the purchase has been made. The region the website will be viewed in depends on your location and your IP address.
Any promotion code issued to you cannot be transferred onto a new order and we do not offer a cash or store credit alternative. The conditions of use relating to any discount code will be related at the time of issue.
J Choo USA, Inc. is committed to fair and transparent pricing and we are not obligated to issue any form of refund. However, should you still be within your returns period and we are still offering the item to purchase on our website, we may consider the merits of each individual case.
As we ship internationally from J Choo USA, Inc. based in the USA, any transactions placed outside of the USA may appear as international. Depending on your card issuer, you may be subjected to a bank fee and as this is a bank charge we regret we are unable to influence this. Please note these fees are non-refundable by J Choo USA, Inc.
Please ensure you read the Terms & Conditions before using a gift voucher. RESTRICTIONS Discount codes and gift codes ("Voucher Codes") may be used by residents of the, USA and Worldwide, aged 18 years or over. Voucher Codes may be offered from time-to-time which may apply in respect of any, or certain specified, purchases made though this Website. Voucher Codes are only redeemable online and are not recognized in-store. Voucher Codes are non-transferable so may only be used by the customer to whom they are issued and there is no cash alternative. This Voucher Code is only valid for a single transaction; any remaining amount is not exchangeable with cash, store credit, or another voucher, and will be automatically forfeited. Voucher Codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion, voucher code or offer, including but not limited to discounted sale items. Voucher Codes will be considered null and void after the Expiration Date. Voucher Codes will not be replaced when lost, damaged or stolen, and will be considered null and void if tampered with. The terms and conditions of use relating to any Voucher Code will be specified at the time of issue. Any Voucher Code or other promotional offers is subject to termination at any time. The Company reserves the right to verify the validity of any Voucher Code and to declare null and void: any Voucher Code used by a customer, which in the opinion of J Choo USA Inc. has been tampered with; ii) any customer who submits a Voucher Code that is not in accordance with these Terms & Conditions; iii) any customer who has in the opinion of J Choo USA, Inc., engaged in conduct in entering the Voucher Code which is fraudulent, misleading, deceptive or generally damaging to the goodwill or reputation of the Company. In the event of any dispute, the decision of J Choo USA, Inc. is final. J Choo USA, Inc. is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, either caused by any of the equipment or programming associated with, or utilized by this Voucher Code, or for any technical error, or any combination thereof that may occur in the course of the administration of any Voucher Code including any omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line or telephone, mobile or satellite network failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to or alteration of entries. If for any reason this Voucher Code is not capable of being used, including due to infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures or any causes beyond the control of the Company, which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness or integrity or proper conduct of this Voucher Code, the Company reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual who tampers with the entry process, take any action that may be available, and to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Voucher Code. By entering this Voucher Code & accepting the Terms & Conditions, you agree to allow JIMMY CHOO, and other JIMMY CHOO brands to use your personal details for marketing purposes. Your details will not be passed to any third parties except for the uses outlined in our Privacy Policy. The promoter is Choo USA, Inc. a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with offices at J Choo USA, Inc., 11 West 42nd Street, Floor 27, New York, NY 10036. If you have any questions about a Voucher Code or our Privacy Policy you can contact our Consumer Services team using the address above.
ORDERS AND ACCEPTING OF YOUR PAYMENT
Once your order has been placed, you will receive a confirmation email that we have received the details of your order. Please note that this is not a confirmation that your order has been accepted by us. We reserve the right not to accept your order for payment, shipping restrictions or stock reasons. If your order is not cancelled and once your order has been accepted, you will then receive a confirmation of the dispatch of your goods.
We are unable to ship styles which include python skin to countries outside of mainland USA and to the state of California due to custom restrictions.
All orders and pre-orders are subject to availability. All products displayed on our website are available for dispatch from our Distribution Centre; however some items may be on pre-order, meaning we are awaiting delivery to our warehouse.
Orders placed in JIMMY CHOO stores on this website on behalf of the Customer, "IN STORE ORDERS", are paid for at the point of order. If for the reasons given above JIMMY CHOO does not accept your IN STORE ORDER you will receive a cancellation email and your payment will be refunded within 14 days of the cancellation. Excepting IN STORE ORDERS and MADE TO ORDER You will be charged at the point of dispatch and not before. In the event your order is cancelled your transaction with JIMMY CHOO will be cancelled and you will not be charged.
Products are for you own personal use and not for resale. J Choo USA, Inc. reserves the right to restrict multiple purchases of one style made by the same customer or to be shipped to the same shipping address.
DISCLAIMER
YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." JIMMY CHOO DOES NOT MAKE ANY GUARANTY OF THE ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS, USEFULNESS OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE. SPECIFICALLY, JIMMY CHOO DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE REGARDING THE SITE, AND ALL WARRANTIES NOT EXPRESSLY MADE IN THESE TERMS. JIMMY CHOO RESERVES THE RIGHT IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT ANY OBLIGATION OR NOTICE REQUIREMENT TO CHANGE, ALTER OR EDIT CONTENT INCLUDED IN THIS SITE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. NOTE THAT THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION DO APPLY IN NEW JERSEY, USA.
JIMMY CHOO and J Choo USA, Inc. does not take responsibility for any event which is outside its reasonable control nor for any consequential loss arising from such an event.
You agree that JIMMY CHOO, J Choo USA, Inc. and its affiliates may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti fraud checks. Personal information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, which may keep a record of that information. For more information please refer to our Privacy Policy.
From time to time, JIMMY CHOO may change, alter or modify these legal terms. Any changes to these legal terms will be posted on this Site and any use by you of this Site after any such changes have been posted shall be deemed to indicate your agreement to the modified legal terms, but will not affect any orders already placed by you. If you do not agree to the modified legal terms, you should cease use of this Site.
AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE
By visiting the Site or otherwise making a purchase from the Site, you, on the one hand, and JIMMY CHOO and J CHOO USA, INC., on the other, agree that, if there is any controversy, claim, action or dispute arising out of or related to any transaction conducted on the Site, or the breach, enforcement, interpretation, or validity of this Agreement or any part of it ("Dispute"), both parties shall first try in good faith to settle such Dispute by providing written notice to the other party describing the facts and circumstances of the Dispute and allowing the receiving party 45 days in which to respond to or settle the Dispute.
Notice shall be sent to JIMMY CHOO or J CHOO USA, INC. at 11 West 42nd Street, Floor 27, New York, NY 10036 with a copy to 'Jimmy Choo Legal Team' at 10 Howick Place, London SW1P 1GW, United Kingdom; 
Notice shall be sent to you at: your last-used billing address or the billing and shipping address in your online profile.
You, JIMMY CHOO, and J Choo USA, Inc. agree that this dispute resolution procedure is a condition precedent that must be satisfied before initiating any litigation or filing any claim against the other party.
IF ANY DISPUTE CANNOT BE RESOLVED BY THE ABOVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURE, YOU AGREE THAT THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR SUCH DISPUTE WILL BE BINDING ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS MEANS THAT YOU WILL NOT HAVE, AND YOU WAIVE, THE RIGHT FOR A JUDGE OR JURY TO DECIDE YOUR CLAIMS, AND THAT YOU MAY NOT PROCEED IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY. Other rights that you and we would have in court will not be available or will be more limited in arbitration, including discovery and appeal rights. All such Disputes shall be exclusively submitted to Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. for binding arbitration under its rules then in effect in the New York, New York, USA area, before one arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon by both parties.
The arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute arising under or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Agreement, including any claim that all or any part of this Agreement is void or voidable.
MISCELLANEOUS
Errors in Pricing
No responsibility is assumed for errors in posted prices. We reserve the right to reject or cancel orders based on incorrect pricing posted due to system, processing or other errors.
Changes; Updates
We may amend these terms at any time. If we make a material change, we will provide 30 days' notice of the effective date via a notice on the Site and an email to users who have provided an email address. Check back periodically for updates. Continued use of this Site after the effective date of an amendment constitutes agreement to the updated terms.
Severability
If any provision of this agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the agreement will remain in place.
Entire Agreement
These terms of service and the terms and conditions incorporated in these terms of service by reference are the entire agreement between you and JIMMY CHOO and J Choo USA, Inc.
Related Questions
What is your online returns policy?
How do I return or exchange an item?
Privacy Policy
Delivery Exceptions
Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon Collector Cards Terms & Conditions
Need Assistance?
Call Us 
(+1) 5513070037 from the US 
(+44) 2080590800 from any other country 
Monday to Saturday
09:00am-09:00pm (EST)
Message Us
Get in touch with our Customer Services team
Contact Us
Visit Us
Find your nearest boutique
Book an appointment with a personal stylist
STORE LOCATOR
Our Stores
Store Locator
Store Locator
Customer Service
FAQ
Check My Order Status 
Size Guide
Holiday Delivery Dates
Delivery
Returns
Care and Repair
Contact Us 
Made-To-Order
Book An Appointment
Our Company 
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Investor Relations
Sustainability Manifesto
Modern Slavery Act
Gender Pay Gap Report
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
2024 Jimmy Choo
English English 
Home
Comments
Email Address
Relevant results for
No results found for your search
Related Questions