Skip to menu Skip to main content Skip to footer Close
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Contact 
Should you need any assistance, please get in touch.
Call us.
+1 888 710 0009 toll free 
10am, 7pm Monday to Saturday 
Email us.
clientservices_us@loewe.com
Shipping methods 
Deliveries are free of cost. Estimated delivery time for USA is 2- 6 business days. 
Please note that any order made after 1pm (GMT +1) on Friday and throughout Saturday and Sunday will be dispatched for delivery on the Monday of the following week. Spanish and US national holidays, local public holidays in Madrid and United Sates and bank holidays in the shipping destination can also lead to delays in deliveries. 
In order to guarantee security and speed, all orders are shipped using high quality courier services. Once your order has been dispatched, you will receive a tracking number and a direct link by email that will allow you to check the status of your order and follow its progress at the courier's website. 
Deliveries are made between 8am and 7pm and could require a signature to ensure safe and secure delivery of your order. The estimated delivery time is approximate, it does not guarantee delivery on the date indicated. 
Please note that we do not ship our Perfumes to any address in the United States. 
Collect in store 
We also offer the possibility to pick up your loewe.com order in the selected store of your choice. This service is always complimentary. 
Check the full list of stores where this service is offered through this link. 
You will receive an email confirmation when your order is ready to be collected from the store. Please visit the selected store in within 15 days after this email is sent to collect your order. 
Collection yourself you need Order confirmation email
Collection yourself you need Government issued photo identification ID
We will verify your identity for security reasons, we could also make a copy of these documents. The store reserves the right to verify the Card or method of payment used to place the order. At collection, you will be asked to sign a collection receipt. 
Representative needs.
Order confirmation email 
Purchaser's government issued photo identification 
Representative's government issued photo identification 
Authorization letter signed by the purchaser 
We will verify your identity for security reasons, we could also make a copy of these documents. The store reserves the right to verify the card or method of payment used to place the order. At collection, you will be asked to sign a collection receipt. 
Purchaser must inform the authorized person of the time frame of 15 days to collect the order from the moment that the email is sent to inform that the order is ready to collect. Purchaser must make sure the authorized person is aware of all the required documents he will need to bring to be able to collect the order. 
If you do not collect your order: Your order will be available in-store for 15 days. If not collected, it will be sent back and your original method of payment will be refunded. 
Reservation in store 
You can request a product reservation in a selected store of your choice. 
Check the full list where this service in offered through this link. 
You will receive an email confirmation when your order is ready to be collected from the store. Please visit the selected store in within 48 hours from the moment the confirmation email is sent to complete your purchase in store. 
After this 48 hour time frame, the reservation will expire. 
All purchases made in store off products reserve through loewe.com are subject to the store terms and conditions of sale. 
Insurance 
All LOEWE goods remain the property and responsibility of LOEWE until delivered to the specified delivery address and payment has been received in full. Items are insured against loss and accidental damage during delivery. In any case, this issue will need to be validated by the courier company. If, for any reason, your purchase is not delivered within eight working days, please contact our Client Service Team. Please notify us of this delay within 30 days from the estimated delivery date, so that we can deal with the incidence. 
Please check your purchase upon receipt and notify the courier. If, for any reason, you wish to make a claim, you must contact our Client Service Team, keeping all the LOEWE packaging in good order. 
Should you wish to exchange or return your purchase from LOEWE's online store, you may do so in accordance with the terms set out in the Exchanges and Returns. 
Purchase and secure payment 
To purchase an item from LOEWE's online store, simply select "Add to Shopping Bag" on the product page, and then click on the "Purchase" button to finalize your purchase. You will then be directed to our secure checkout area where you can choose a billing address (where we will send your invoice) and a delivery address (which may be different to the billing address, for example: a work address, a company, the address of the person you wish to send a gift to...). The final step is the Secure Payment, where you will be able to select from various payment methods. 
Loewe.com accepts different forms of payments depending on the country/region of the billing address. Including credit/debit cards Visa
Loewe.com accepts different forms of payments depending on the country/region of the billing address. Including credit/debit cards MasterCard
Loewe.com accepts different forms of payments depending on the country/region of the billing address. Including credit/debit cards American Express (except from the limitations of Amex in certain countries)
Loewe.com accepts different forms of payments depending on the country/region of the billing address. Including credit/debit cards Discover
Loewe.com accepts different forms of payments depending on the country/region of the billing address. Including credit/debit cards Union Pay
Loewe.com accepts different forms of payments depending on the country/region of the billing address. Including credit/debit cards Maestro
Maestro 
Alternative payment methods Paypal
Alternative payment methods Apple Pay
Alternative payment methods Klarna
Alternative payment methods Alipay
You are responsible for the relevant charges or fees, if any, applied by your card issuer, bank or other payment institution as a result of our processing of your payment. In some cases, after pressing the "Purchase" button, you may be directed to your bank's webpage where you will be asked for an extra security password for payment with your card. This is the 3D Secure Code, a security system which has been developed by your bank and which will ask you for your password to ensure your payment is secure. This password for online shopping with your card is personal to you and should be given to you by your bank. For further information, please contact your bank directly or our Client Service Team. 
LOEWE credit coins or credit notes issued by our offline stores cannot be used to purchase articles from our online store. 
Once payment has been received and your order has been confirmed, your order will automatically be sent to LOEWE for processing. Confirmation of your order means your acceptance of the whole Terms and Conditions of Sale through LOEWE's online store. 
You will receive an email with the confirmation and details of your order. 
For payments made through website_url_lnk online checks will be made directly with the relevant financial institutions. To ensure the security of transactions, Loewe carries out processing for the purposes of risk assessment and fraud prevention on the internet. We reserve the right to cancel transactions if necessary. In addition, to guarantee the security of the transactions, we carry out controls requesting additional information. We reserve the right to cancel any order if the requested information is not provided accordingly. The prices of LOEWE products are shown in US dollars and exclude sales tax (even though taxes are calculated in the checkout and to be paid by the customer). We reserve the right to change the prices of the products on the website_url_lnk website at any time and without prior notice. However, the prices that appear when the consumer makes a purchase will be considered valid. 
Any data registered by the website_url_lnk website will serve as proof of the transactions carried out between LOEWE and its customers. In the event of a dispute between LOEWE and one of its customers about a transaction carried out through the website_url_lnk website, all the data registered by LOEWE LLC will be considered as irrefutable proof of the transaction. 
Stock availability 
LOEWE cannot be liable if stock is unavailable at any given time. In the case of an issue with ordered stock, LOEWE will contact the customer. 
Select your country/region 
To ensure that the correct currency, payment methods and shipping conditions for your area are displayed, please select your country/region from the drop-down menu on the top left-hand corner of the website_url_lnk webpage. 
Exchanges and returns 
Exchanges 
You may exchange the items purchased from LOEWE's online store within thirty days at our offline stores (except for department stores, outlets, wholesalers and franchises) within the same country of purchase, with the delivery note provided with every purchase, the order confirmation email or the official invoice of your online purchase. The items must be in their original condition and with their original packaging and their corresponding accessories in order to be exchanged. 
Exchanges in store can be made for items having equal price or higher price. If you exchange for an item having a higher price, you must pay the price difference. 
Exotics, and any other product purchased from the LOEWE online store which has been customized or is part of special pre-order collections, is not subject to the Exchanges and Return policy. 
Your legal rights for lack of conformity of products are not affected by this policy. 
Returns 
Free returns are available within 14 days of your online order delivery date. Returns are only accepted in the same country of the online purchase. Returns of purchases made in loewe.com from 14th November can be requested until the 15th of January. 
If you would like to Return an item or items purchased from the LOEWE online store, you may do so within 14 calendar days following the date of delivery. 
Returns from the Loewe Online store in the United States are only accepted in the United States. International purchases may not be returned in the United States and must be returned in the country of purchase. 
You will be refunded the amount paid for the items within a maximum period of fifteen days of receiving and approving the Return. 
An item made from exotic skin, any item purchased from the LOEWE online store that has been customized or personalized for you, any item that is part of our special pre-order collections, or any item whose return is not appropriate on health or hygiene grounds is not subject to this return policy. These items are final sale. 
In the case of candles and perfumes, the items must be returned in their original packaging, perfectly sealed and intact in order to guarantee the correct hygienic conditions. Depreciation could also be considered in this case. 
In the case of Books or Stationery, the items must be returned in their original packaging, perfectly sealed and intact. 
LOEWE will pay for the delivery cost of returning the items to our Central Warehouse. 
Simply enter on My Account or click here.
The articles must be in perfect condition, and returned in its/their original packaging, along with all the accessories. 
LOEWE will refund the amount paid (excluding any return delivery costs) to the card with which you made the payment. Only the original purchaser of the products can request a return as the refund will be directly made to the card with which the payment was made. This process might take up to 15 days. 
LOEWE will not be responsible or liable if any items you wish to return to LOEWE's online store is lost, misdirected or delivered late. The customer must bear the risks of shipping their purchase. 
LOEWE offline stores do not accept returns of any products acquired from the LOEWE online store. 
In the event an item bought online is deemed faulty, LOEWE reserves the right to either repair, replace or refund the item at no additional cost to the customer and user. LOEWE will address non-conformities within a period of 2 years after the date of purchase. Customers and users will have a maximum period of 2 months to report the non-conformity to LOEWE. 
In the case that a quality issue is detected in another country of purchase, we will merit the Terms and Conditions of the country of purchase. Any necessary quality exchange must be for an item of equal or higher cost. If you exchange for an item having a higher price, you shall pay the price difference. 
Care and repair guide 
You will find a specific Care Guide by type of product on each product page. 
To maintain and conserve your LOEWE item in its best condition, avoid prolonged and direct exposure to sources of light and heat. We recommend storing the product in its original packaging. Avoid contact with water, oils, perfumes or cosmetics. If your LOEWE item gets wet, remove any excess moisture without rubbing, dab with a soft cloth and let dry at room temperature. 
If you have any questions regarding our products and their upkeep, please visit one of our stores where our staff will be happy to help and give you information regarding LOEWE's Cleaning Service. 
LOEWE respects international standards of protection and conservation of the environment in all its products. 
After-sales service
LOEWE's Client Service Team will be pleased to assist you with any queries. 
Consumer goods guarantee
In the event an item bought online is deemed faulty, LOEWE reserves the right to, according to local legislation, either repair, replace or refund the item at no additional cost to the customer and user. LOEWE will address non-conformities within a period of 2 years after the date of purchase. Customers and users will have a maximum period of 2 months to report the non-conformity to LOEWE. 
In the case that a quality issue is detected in another country of purchase, we will merit the Terms and Conditions of the country of purchase. Any necessary quality exchange must be for an item of equal or higher cost. If you exchange for an item having a higher price, you shall pay the price difference. 
Terms and conditions 
At the end of the ordering process, you will be requested to click on "Purchase" to confirm your purchase. Once your order has been confirmed, it will be sent to LOEWE for processing. Your order cannot be modified or cancelled except in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of Sale or with the provisions set out by US law. Confirmation of your order implies your acceptance of the whole Terms and Conditions of Sale. You will be sent an email with the details of your order. 
Any data registered by the website_url_lnk website will serve as proof of the transactions carried out between LOEWE LLC and its customers. 
In the event of a dispute between LOEWE LLC and one of its customers about a transaction carried out on the website_url_lnk website, the data registered by LOEWE LLC will be considered as irrefutable proof of the transaction contained therein. On the effective date of delivery, the risks (in particular loss, theft or damage) relating to the Products Delivered will be passed on to you. 
The sale of any product through LOEWE's Official online store is subject to these Terms and Conditions of Sale. The offeror is LOEWE LLC (henceforth "LOEWE") with headquarters at 598 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor, New York, New York 10022 
Orders to acquire LOEWE products can only be made by natural persons and companies with no intention of resale. Any resale or distribution of LOEWE products purchased from the website_url_lnk website is strictly forbidden. 
Customer complaint forms can be obtained by emailing clientservices_us@loewe.com or are available from any Loewe Store. 
LOEWE may update these Terms and Conditions of Sale at any time. To place an order through LOEWE's online store you must accept the Terms and Conditions of Sale in force at the time of placing the order. 
Legal 
Intellectual property
All the material within the website_url_lnk web site (drawings, designs, illustrations, photographs, sound tracks, written texts, logos, trademarks, etc.) is the exclusive property of LOEWE S. A. or any of its subsidiaries (henceforth "LOEWE"). You may not reproduce, distribute, publish, transmit, create works deriving from or based on, modify or sell any of the contained material, either totally or partially, by any means or process (unless otherwise expressly stated in this document). 
The "LOEWE" trademark, the logo of the four Ls, and the rest of the brands and logos related with LOEWE, whether registered or not, that are displayed on the website_url_lnk web site, as well as the LOEWE.com domain name, are and will remain the exclusive property of LOEWE S. A. Any reproduction, distribution, transmittal, modification or use of these trademarks without the prior written consent from LOEWE S. A. is forbidden. 
You may not eliminate any reference to copyrights, trademarks or any other indication regarding intellectual property rights contained in the website_url_lnk web site, or any other content included therein. You may create copies of the web pages published in the website_url_lnk web site for private and personal use and not for profit or commercial use, as long as any copies of said web pages retain all copyright or proprietary notifications and the rest of the intellectual property notifications contained therein. 
The LOEWE S. A. ("LOEWE") web site, with headquarters in Madrid, Calle Goya 4, 28001 Madrid, with tax ID CIF-A-28003861 and included in the Madrid Mercantile Register in Volume 335, Page 194, Sheet M-6657, is original creative work protected by the laws of intellectual property protection. The web site, as well as all the elements therein, is the exclusive property of LOEWE. Reproduction or representation, either totally or partially, of the web site or of any of the elements therein, as well as their modification, is strictly forbidden. The trademarks and domain names shown in the LOEWE web site are the exclusive property of LOEWE. Any unauthorized reproduction or use of these trademarks or domain names, regardless of their form or intent, is strictly forbidden. LOEWE has applied all reasonable means to ensure the information obtained in the web site is accurate. However, we make no guarantee about the accuracy, integrity and updating of said information. LOEWE provides no warranty, either express or implied, regarding all or part of its web site. LOEWE will not be liable under any circumstance for any direct or indirect damage, regardless of its nature, resulting from your use of the web site. The "LOEWE" trademark, the logo of the four Ls, and the rest of the brands and logos related with LOEWE, whether registered or not, that are displayed on the website_url_lnk web site, as well as the LOEWE.com domain name, are and will remain the exclusive property of LOEWE S. A. Any reproduction, distribution, transmittal, modification or use of these trademarks without the prior written consent from LOEWE S. A. is forbidden. 
Applicable legislation, jurisdiction and controversies
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the Laws of the State of New York. Any cause of action that may arise will be brought in the appropriate court in New York, New York. 
Both access to the web site and use of its contents are subject to the conditions set out in the Terms and Conditions of use of the LOEWE web site. 
Limitation of liability
LOEWE LLC does not guarantee or state that the website_url_lnk web site is free of viruses, worms, Trojans or other types of destructive material. 
capds-icon-close
capds-icon-close
capds-icon-close
capds-icon-close
capds-icon-close
Security and Personal Data
By filling in this form, you agree that your data will be used by Loewe SA, as data controller, to send you information, about our offers, news and events (newsletters, invitations and other publications) as well as for statistical purposes and for the management and optimisation of the customer relationship. You also agree that Loewe SA, will be able to collect information provided by you for event management purposes. This information can include images, videos and audios taken during the events, and can be eventually published and shared with third parties in the context of the event. You may exercise your rights to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data, or restriction of processing, and to object to data processing, as well as to withdraw your consent, by contacting us in the following link Contact us. You may be asked for proof of identity. For more information about how we protect your personal data, please read our Privacy Policy.
capds-icon-close
Added to your selection
You have been logged in successfully! 
Product added to my selection
Removed from my selection 
See my selection
capds-icon-close
Register on LOEWE and enjoy the benefits capds-icon-heart-empty
Create a Wishlist and save items
capds-icon-card
Save your delivery addresses
capds-icon-return
Manage your orders and returns
capds-icon-close
Create an account
capds-icon-close
Request to reset your password
capds-icon-close
capds-icon-close
My basket 
capds-icon-close
Free shipping and returns
Shipping 2-6 business days. Extended returns until January 15. Free exchange in store 30 days 
Holiday packaging
Purchases will arrive in our festive packaging, which features artwork by ceramic studio Suna Fujita. You can also add a personalised card to your gifts.
capds-icon-close
capds-icon-close
capds-icon-close
capds-icon-close
capds-icon-close
capds-icon-close
Why?
Quality issue / not sellable
Can't find it in the store
Item reserved
Same Request
Stock error, 0 Available stock in CEGID 
Sold in store
Pending stock adjustment
Item requested in retrieval
System bug
capds-icon-close
capds-icon-warning
Please contact your Retail Operations Team to inform about this situation
Continue 
capds-icon-close
Status
In preparation
Shipped
In transit
Out of delivery
Exception
Delivered
Ready to collect in store
Collected
Return requested
Under review
Canceled
Refunded
Reset all filters 
SEE RESULTS ( ) 
Back 
Hello,
CEDIG ID {0}
My store
Select store 
Language
Language 
Sign Out
capds-icon-loader
Your session is about to expire in 30 seconds 
Stay Connected 
capds-icon-ois-nosession
Your session has expired 
Please login again from the login page 
LOGIN 
capds-icon-close
Client search
Client not found
Search 
Back to client search 
capds-icon-close
Call to secure a taxi transfer
capds-icon-close
Why? 
Quality issue / not sellable
Can't find it in the store
Item reserved
Same Request
Stock error, 0 Available stock in CEGID 
Sold in store
Pending stock adjustment
Item requested in retrieval
System bug
REPORT