Skip to main content
Privacy at Microsoft
Your data is private at work, at home, and on the go 
Our commitment to privacy
We ground our privacy commitments in strong data governance practices, so you can trust that we'll protect the privacy and confidentiality of your data and will only use it in a way that's consistent with the reasons you provided it. 
You control your information 
We give you the ability to control your data, along with clear and meaningful choices over how your data is used. 
Your data is protected 
We rigorously protect your data using encryption and other security best practices. 
You can expect privacy by design 
We design our products with a core commitment to uphold user privacy. 
We stand up for your rights 
We fight for stronger privacy laws and protections, and will protect your rights if a government request is made for data. 
Discover and control your data
Privacy is at the center of how we build the products and services that customers use every day. See privacy resources and controls below where you can manage your data and how it is used. 
Visit your privacy dashboard 
The privacy dashboard is where you can manage your privacy settings and manage your data for your Microsoft account. 
Go to your Privacy Dashboard 
Account check-up 
The account check-up wizard is a tool where you can review your account safety settings to strengthen your online security. 
Do an account check-up 
Find your privacy controls 
Learn how to find your privacy settings and other related information in Microsoft products and services. 
See more privacy controls 
Data protection for your business 
For enterprise and business customers, IT admins, or anyone using Microsoft products at work, visit the Microsoft Trust Center to get information about privacy and security practices in our products and services. 
Microsoft Trust Center 
Learn more about privacy at Microsoft
Learn more about Privacy at Microsoft and how we put our privacy principles into practice in the following links and resources. 
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. The privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes. 
Privacy for Young People
Privacy for young people is a page where young users can learn about and understand Microsoft's privacy practices and how to use our products in a way that protects their privacy. This page also highlights topics that may be helpful for parents and guardians. 
Privacy Report
The privacy report includes new developments in privacy at Microsoft. Find the latest information on what personal data we collect, how it may be used, and how you can manage and control your data.
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions
Do you have a question about Microsoft privacy? We explain how customers can export or delete personal data and more in the Privacy FAQs. 
Microsoft Corporate Social Responsibility
Learn more about how Microsoft approaches building a more inclusive, equitable, sustainable, and trusted future for everyone, and how technology can and must benefit the future of humanity and our planet. 
U. S. State Data Privacy Notice
If you are in the U. S, please see our U. S State Data Privacy Notice.
What's new?
Check out the latest articles, blog posts, and news from Microsoft about protecting your privacy at home and at work. 
GDPR and generative AI, a guide for the public sector 
This whitepaper offers practical support for public sector organizations as they consider generative AI services such as Copilot for Microsoft 365 and Azure OpenAI Service. Discover how public sector organizations can harness the power of generative AI while complying with their obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). 
Read more 
Protecting the data of our commercial and public sector customers in the AI era 
Learn more about Microsoft's commitment to protecting the data of our commercial and public sector customers and how our approach to AI is built on a foundation of privacy across all our AI products and solutions. 
Read more 
Enhancing trust and protecting privacy in the AI era 
Discover how Microsoft's privacy commitments apply to AI and how Microsoft empowers customers to use new AI technologies while advancing trust and protecting privacy. 
Read more 
Microsoft Cloud enables customers to keep personal data within the European Data Boundary 
Microsoft's EU Data Boundary enables customers to store and process their data within the EU. Read about the latest enhancements and new features building on prior progress. 
Read more 
Contact our team
If you have a privacy concern, request or question, please contact us
This is the Trace Id: d4baa3c99e8f1739686118a72cd87316 