Privacy and Cookie Policy 
Introduction
Welcome to the website website_url_lnk Moncler UK Ltd. ("Moncler UK" or "Moncler" or "Moncler Local Company"), part of the Moncler Group, hereby provides you with the following information about the collection and processing of your personal data. When you use the site or its services (hereinafter, the "Website" and the "Services"), information and personal data about you is collected. For this reason, in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation no. 2016/679 ("GDPR") and applicable national legislation (collectively, "Privacy Legislation"), we have created this document (hereinafter "Privacy Policy") for the purpose of describing what personal data we collect, the purposes and methods of its processing and the security measures used to protect it.
﻿2. Data controllers and Data protection officer
Moncler UK acts as Data Controller and will process your personal data in order to manage online sales activity (e.g. managing orders and payments), for "pick-up in store", "return in store", "click from store" and "click and reserve" services as defined in section 3.3.
Moncler UK will manage your personal data in the context of your navigation experience through our website and access to reserved services as defined in sec. and below and can be contacted at privacy@moncler.com.
The company Industries SpA ("Industries"), which is the Italian based operating company of the Moncler Group, acts as Data Controller and will process your personal data to carry out marketing activities (e.g. newsletters) and building of group and individual profiles as described in section 3.4.
Industries can be contacted by writing to Industries S.p. A., via Stendhal n. 47, 20144, Milan (MI), Italy or by email at privacy@moncler.com.
Industries has appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO), who is domiciled at the offices of Industries S.p. A. and it is available as follows: dpo@moncler.com.
Sources of data and the purposes of data processing
Browsing data
During their normal operation, the computer systems used to operate the Website acquire some of your personal data, the transmission of which is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This information is not collected for the purpose of identifying you, but may lead to your identification if, for example, it is combined with information held by a third party. This category of data includes the IP address and domain name of your computer, the URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses of the resources requested, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in reply, the numerical code indicating the status of the reply given by the server and other parameters relating to your operating system. We use this data for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the Website and to check it is working properly. The data collected is deleted immediately after processing. The data could be used to ascertain responsibility in the event of cybercrime committed to the detriment of the Services.
Registration information and further information provided by the user
Use of the Website does not require the creation of a personal account. However, in order to access certain pages reserved for registered users and, for example, to send us a request for information or feedback on the Services, you must create a personal account and become a registered user. When you create your account, you will be asked to enter the following registration information: first and last name
Use of the Website does not require the creation of a personal account. However, in order to access certain pages reserved for registered users and, for example, to send us a request for information or feedback on the Services, you must create a personal account and become a registered user. When you create your account, you will be asked to enter the following registration information: email address
Use of the Website does not require the creation of a personal account. However, in order to access certain pages reserved for registered users and, for example, to send us a request for information or feedback on the Services, you must create a personal account and become a registered user. When you create your account, you will be asked to enter the following registration information: password
Use of the Website does not require the creation of a personal account. However, in order to access certain pages reserved for registered users and, for example, to send us a request for information or feedback on the Services, you must create a personal account and become a registered user. When you create your account, you will be asked to enter the following registration information: date of birth
Use of the Website does not require the creation of a personal account. However, in order to access certain pages reserved for registered users and, for example, to send us a request for information or feedback on the Services, you must create a personal account and become a registered user. When you create your account, you will be asked to enter the following registration information: gender
In addition, personal data directly provided by you when you place an order to purchase an item will be collected and processed, this consists of data collected by sending electronic mail, interacting with the functionality of the Website and requesting services offered by the Website. The personal data we collect and process includes your first name, surname, gender, nationality, email address, shipping and payment methods, credit and debit card number and shopping habits.
Should you wish to avail of our online size recommendation service, we will collect your body sizes (e.g. height, weight, age). 
Should you collect, process and disclose information about third parties to us, you must do so in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Policy and, therefore, you must provide them with prior notice of the processing and, if necessary, you must obtain their free and express consent before carrying out the processing.
Purpose of the processing
Providing the above information is necessary in order to create an account and also to respond to and manage requests for information and user feedback; to provide the services requested through the Website, including registration and subsequent updates and to manage the activities organized through the Website; to carry out statistical analysis and surveys; to manage sales activities and to provide sales and after-sales services, such as administration, accounting, returns and guarantee management, customer relationship management, including compliance with legal obligations, national and EU regulations (including anti-money laundering regulations), to prevent fraud and to exercise rights in legal proceedings.
Any refusal by you to provide this information would still allow you to use the Website, but would prevent you from using some of our Services reserved for registered users. In addition, your personal data must be processed in order to fulfill the contractual relationship arising from the purchase of Moncler products. The provision of such data is a contractual obligation. Should you need suggestions about sizes, we will process your body sizes with your prior consent.
You are free to disclose your data to us or not, but in the absence of the requested data it will not be possible to conclude or execute the agreement and your requests. This means that you will not be able to purchase Moncler products and that it will not be possible to handle your requests.
Further purposes of the processing
With your consent, which is optional, Industries will use your personal data for further purposes such as marketing, commercial or advertising communications, direct sales, market research, in-store sales support worldwide through email (newsletter), telephone, SMS, MMS, instant messaging, and traditional mail, including sending invitations to events. You may at any time indicate your preferred means of contact from among those listed above and you may refuse the receipt of promotional communication by any or all of these means of contact. For profiling and marketing purposes performed through cookies or other tracking technologies, please refer to the cookie section and relevant online consent form.
With your consent, which is optional, Industries collects information about your preferences, habits and lifestyle as well as details of purchases made in order to use these to create group and individual profiles ("profiling") and to send you personalized communications. Personalized communication may be sent by email (newsletter), phone, SMS, MMS, instant messaging and post mail. You may at any time indicate your preferred means of contact from among those listed above and you may refuse the receipt of promotional communication by any or all of these means of contact.
Consent for the above marketing and profiling purposes is optional and refusal will not have any consequences. Data may be provided by you on registration at our points of sale by means of paper and electronic forms, acquired during visits to our stores belonging to the Moncler Group or through interaction with websites, Internet applications and mobile applications belonging to the Moncler Group.
Legal grounds for processing
Your personal data is only processed if one of the legal requirements laid down by current legislation is met, and specifically for the conclusion and execution of a contract to which you are party in relation to the purchase of products offered on the Website, as well as the provision of Services for registered users as applicable to the purposes described in section 3.3.
Your personal data is only processed if one of the legal requirements laid down by current legislation is met, and specifically to fulfill a legal obligation to which the controllers may be subject within the context of the purposes of their activities.
Your personal data is only processed if one of the legal requirements laid down by current legislation is met, and specifically for the legitimate interest of controllers to ensure the browsing activity and registration for reserved users as per section and 3.2, prevent and prosecute fraudulent activities, as well as for internal administrative purposes, on the basis of which communication of the data to companies belonging to the controller's group of companies is legitimate.
Your personal data is only processed if one of the legal requirements laid down by current legislation is met, and specifically with your consent in respect of marketing and profiling activities as per section 3.4.
Information collected through cookies and other technologies
The Website also uses cookies and other tracking tools. The term "cookie" also refers to other tracking tools used by the Website.
Browsing data and cookies
Browsing data
During their normal operation, the computer systems and software procedures used to operate the Website acquire some personal data, the transmission of which is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols.
This information is not collected to be associated with identified persons, but by its very nature could allow users to be identified through processing and association with data held by third parties.
These data are used for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the Website and to monitor its correct operation, and are deleted immediately after processing.
The data could be used to ascertain responsibility in the event of hypothetical computer crimes to the detriment of the Website. With the exception of this eventuality, the data are stored for the time established by the relevant legal regulations, or in general for the time strictly necessary to provide the user with the service requested to guarantee the transmission of the communication.
Cookies and other tracking tools
Cookies are usually strings of text that websites (so-called publishers or "first parties") visited by the user or other websites or web servers (so-called "third parties") directly or indirectly place and store on the user's terminal device.
The information encoded in the cookies may include personal data such as an IP address, a username, a unique identifier or an email address, but may also contain non-personal data such as language settings or information about the type of device a person is using to browse the website.
Cookies can therefore perform important and varied functions including monitoring sessions, storing information on specific configurations regarding the users accessing the server, facilitating the use of online content etc.
Types of cookies
Cookies can have different characteristics in terms of their duration (session or permanent) or subjectivity (depending on whether the publisher is acting on its own or on behalf of a "third party"). However, the classification that mainly meets the needs of protecting the user is one based on two macro categories, technical cookies, used for the sole purpose of "transmitting a communication over an electronic communications network, or to the extent strictly necessary for the provider of an information service explicitly requested by the contractor or user to provide such service" (see art. 122, paragraph 1 of the Privacy Code). These cookies can be installed on the user's terminal without consent, either based on the need to respond to a request or on the legitimate interest of the Moncler Local Company.
profiling cookies, used to link specific actions or recurring behavioral patterns in the use of the functions offered to specific, identified or identifiable parties in order to group the various profiles within uniform clusters of various sizes, so that among other things the controller can modulate the provision of the service in an increasingly personalized manner beyond what is strictly necessary for the provision of the service, as well as send targeted advertising messages, i.e. in line with the preferences expressed by the user while browsing the web. This type of cookie can be downloaded to the user's terminal only with the user's consent.
Among other things, cookies may also be used to assess the effectiveness of an information society service provided by a publisher, to design a website or to help measure its "traffic," i.e. the number of visitors, including by geographic area, connection time or other characteristics. These identifiers, defined as analytics cookies, can be included in the category of technical cookies, and as such may be used without the prior consent of the data subject, provided that the following conditions are met: they are only used to produce aggregate statistics and in relation to a single website or mobile application.
Among other things, cookies may also be used to assess the effectiveness of an information society service provided by a publisher, to design a website or to help measure its "traffic," i.e. the number of visitors, including by geographic area, connection time or other characteristics. These identifiers, defined as analytics cookies, can be included in the category of technical cookies, and as such may be used without the prior consent of the data subject, provided that the following conditions are met: at least the fourth component of the IP address is masked for third-party cookies.
Among other things, cookies may also be used to assess the effectiveness of an information society service provided by a publisher, to design a website or to help measure its "traffic," i.e. the number of visitors, including by geographic area, connection time or other characteristics. These identifiers, defined as analytics cookies, can be included in the category of technical cookies, and as such may be used without the prior consent of the data subject, provided that the following conditions are met: third parties refrain from combining these analytics cookies with other data (e.g. customer files or statistics of visits to other websites) or from transmitting them to third parties.
If these conditions are not met, analytics cookies require the user's consent in order to be downloaded. 
Finally, cookies may also be used to enable interaction and easy sharing of content on social networks and to enable the sending of targeted advertisements based on user preferences (social cookies). These cookies also require the user's consent.
List of the cookies used by the Website
This Website uses cookies for technical, analytical, and statistical purposes, to improve the user's interaction with the Website via social networks and to personalize the sending of information and advertising communications according to the user's interests (profiling).
Technical cookies
Below we list the name, purpose, and duration of each technical cookie used by the Website.
The user's prior consent is not required for the installation of technical cookies. In any case, all browsers allow changing cookie settings.
Other types of cookies (profiling, analytics, social)
Below we list the name, the relevant third party if the cookie is not first party, the purpose, and the duration for each cookie used by the Website that does not fall into the category of technical cookies.
For all information relating to third-party cookies and how to opt out of individual cookies, see the respective policies and the tool provided by the third party to opt out of the individual cookie.
Using the following link it is possible to opt out of third-party cookies (i.e. companies that are members of the WebChoices tool of the Digital Advertising Alliance, including Facebook) installed on the user's browser: website_url_lnk
The following tool provided by Your Online Choices can also be used to control your preferences by opting out of third-party cookies: website_url_lnk
Cookie List
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website, when visited by a user, asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies, which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting, for our advertising and marketing efforts. More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes
Technical Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Technical Cookies Cookie Subgroup. Cookies. Cookies used. Lifespan 
moncler.com. OptanonAlertBoxClosed , OptanonConsent. First Party. 365 Days, 365 Days 
moncler.com. dw_dnt , dw_locale , dwrememberme , dwsid , lastRskxRun , rCookie , rskxRunCookie , TC_PRIVACY_CENTER. First Party. Session, Session, Session, Session, 729 Days, 729 Days, 729 Days, Session 
code.moncler.com. CookieConsent , moncler_session , XSRF-TOKEN. First Party. 13124 Days, A few seconds, A few seconds 
website_url_lnk. __cq_dnt , dwanonymous_xxxxxxxx , mbm_skipwelcome , sid. First Party. Session, 179 Days, Session, Session 
consent.cookiebot.com. CookieConsent. Third Party. 13124 Days 
myfonts.net. __cf_bm. Third Party. A few seconds 
prod3-live-chat.sprinklr.com. JSESSIONID. Third Party. Session 
beacon.riskified.com. lastRskxRun, rCookie, rskxRunCookie. Third Party. A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds 
prod3-live-chat-mqtt.sprinklr.com. emqtt-live-chat, emqtt-live-chatCORS. Third Party. Session, Session 
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Performance Cookies Cookie Subgroup. Cookies. Cookies used. Lifespan 
moncler.com. _cs_nnnnnnnnnnnnn , _ga , _ga_xxxxxxxxxx , _gid , FPGSID , RT. First Party. Session, 729 Days, 2 Years, 1 Day, A few seconds, 6 Days 
website_url_lnk. _cs_c , _cs_id , _cs_mk , _cs_s , _cs_same_site. First Party. 13 Months, 13 Months, Session, A few seconds, Session 
code.moncler.com. _cs_nnnnnnnnnnnnn. Third Party. Session 
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Marketing Cookies Cookie Subgroup. Cookies. Cookies used. Lifespan 
moncler.com. _fbp , _gtmeec , _schn1 , _scid , _scid_r , _screload , _tt_enable_cookie , _ttp , _uetsid , _uetvid , _yjsu_yjad , cto_bundle , cto_tld_test , dwac_XXXXX , dwanonymous_xxxxxxxx , FPAU , rmStore , tfpsi , tfpvi. First Party. 89 Days, 89 Days, A few seconds, 395 Days, 395 Days, 364 Days, 389 Days, 389 Days, A few seconds, 389 Days, 364 Days, 395 Days, A few seconds, Session, Session, 89 Days, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds 
website_url_lnk. __lt__cid , __lt__sid , __rtbh.aid , __rtbh.lid , __rtbh.uid , criteo_write_test , dwcustomer_xxxxxxxxxxxx. First Party. 729 Days, A few seconds, 364 Days, 364 Days, 364 Days, A few seconds, 179 Days 
nexx360.io. n360-rtbhouse. Third Party. 89999 Days 
doubleclick.net. IDE, test_cookie. Third Party. 389 Days, A few seconds 
id5-sync.com. callback, car, cf, cip, cnac, gdpr, gpp. Third Party. A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds, A few seconds 
go.sonobi.com. HAPLB8G. Third Party. Session 
rmp.rakuten.com. Rp. Third Party. 29 Days 
infolinks.com. RTBHUSERCOOKIE. Third Party. 89 Days 
dynamic.criteo.com. criteo_write_test. Third Party. A few seconds 
creativecdn.com. Third Party. 364 Days 
tremorhub.com. tv_UICR, tvid. Third Party. 29 Days, 365 Days 
admixer.net. am-uid. Third Party. 89 Days 
adnxs.com. anj, uuid2. Third Party. 89 Days, 89 Days 
media.net. data-c, data-c-ts, visitor-id. Third Party. 29 Days, 29 Days, 364 Days 
adx.opera.com. UID. Third Party. 364 Days 
demdex.net. demdex. Third Party. 179 Days 
moncler-cdn.thron.com. _TA_TRACKING. Third Party. 1824 Days 
twitter.com. personalization_id. Third Party. 729 Days 
igodigital.com. igodigitalst_xxxxxxxxx, igodigitalstdomain, igodigitaltc2. Third Party. A few seconds, A few seconds, 3652 Days 
bing.com. MSPTC, MUID. Third Party. 389 Days, 389 Days 
adform.net. C, uid. Third Party. 30 Days, 59 Days 
cm.teads.tv. ar_debug. Third Party. Session 
line.me. _ldbrbid. Third Party. 729 Days 
omnitagjs.com. ayl_visitor. Third Party. 29 Days 
casalemedia.com. CMID, CMPRO, CMPS. Third Party. 364 Days, 89 Days, 89 Days 
ct.pinterest.com. _pinterest_ct_ua. Third Party. 364 Days 
pinterest.com. ar_debug. Third Party. 364 Days 
addlv.smt.docomo.ne.jp. targetcid7. Third Party. 729 Days 
postrelease.com. opt_out. Third Party. 364 Days 
csync.loopme.me. viewer_token. Third Party. 91 Days 
snapchat.com. sc_at. Third Party. 389 Days 
t.co. muc_ads. Third Party. 729 Days 
cenarius.orangeclickmedia.com. a749381, vmuid. Third Party. 92 Days, 92 Days 
tiktok.com. _ttp. Third Party. 389 Days 
criteo.com. optout, uid. Third Party. 365 Days, 389 Days 
sc-static.net. X-AB. Third Party. A few seconds 
console.adtarget.com.tr. a307080, vmuid. Third Party. 92 Days, 92 Days 
exchange.mediavine.com. am_tokens, am_tokens_eu-v1, criteo, mv_tokens, mv_tokens_eu-v1. Third Party. 13 Days, 13 Days, 13 Days, 13 Days, 13 Days 
bh.contextweb.com. INGRESSCOOKIE. Third Party. Session 
Personalization Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. 
Personalization Cookies Cookie Subgroup. Cookies. Cookies used. Lifespan 
code.moncler.com. global_language. First Party. A few seconds 
moncler.com. _pin_unauth , weird_get_top_level_domain. First Party. 364 Days, Session 
website_url_lnk. __anact. First Party. Session 
fast.nexx360.io. __cflb. Third Party. A few seconds 
spotify.com. sp_landing, sp_t. Third Party. A few seconds, 364 Days 
dnacdn.net. browser_data. Third Party. 389 Days 
﻿(C) Other social functions (e.g. plugins)
In addition to the cookies mentioned above, the Website also incorporates plugins and buttons in order to allow easy sharing of content on the following social networks: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube. If a user does not wish the social network to record data relating to their visit to the Website, they must log out of the social network account and delete the cookies that the social network has installed in the user's browser.
For certain activities the Moncler Local Company and social networks may also act as joint controllers pursuant to art. 26 of the GDPR, specifically when the Moncler Local Company jointly determines the purposes and means of the processing with the social network through the collection and transmission of the user's data to the social network via a plugin. In such cases the Moncler Local Company adheres to the contractual terms of the social network, which may include joint controller agreements.
Finally, note that in any case joint control does not extend to processing carried out by social networks in relation to which the Moncler Local Company does not determine the purposes and means of processing (e.g. operations carried out by the social network after the User's data have been disclosed by the Website).
With regard to the collection and use of information by social networks, please refer to their respective privacy policies.
Facebook (cookie policy link)
Instagram (cookie policy link)
Twitter (cookie policy link)
YouTube (cookie policy link)
4. Methods of data processing and data storage
Your personal data will be processed both in paper form and using electronic means and always in compliance with the security requirements of applicable legislation, with particular but not exclusive reference to art. 32 of the GDPR. Our security measures include contractual arrangements with any entity (e.g. service providers) in order to protect the security and confidentiality of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of this Policy.
Period of Use and Retention of Personal Data
We will retain your personal data until the purpose for their use is achieved according to our internal data retention policy. In particular, we hereby specify that we have a general retention period of 10 years from the time of initial collection for your personal data that is processed for our invoicing and accounting purposes, save for the circumstances in which national applicable law may provide for different retention requirements. In principle, we will promptly destroy your personal data in our possession once we achieve the purpose of collection and use of your personal data. However, the following categories of your personal data will be retained by us for the duration of the periods specified below.
Registered user data: this data will be stored for as long as the account is active to the extent that is strictly necessary to provide the user with the services. Even after the account is closed, we will retain your information if it is necessary to do so in order to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, to protect our rights, to prevent fraud, or to comply with this Policy.
Data relating to payment: until such time as the payment has been confirmed and the administrative and accounting formalities relating thereto have been completed, after the expiry of the right of withdrawal and after the deadline for contesting the payment.
Data collected in connection with the use of Services offered on the Website (e.g. "pick-up in store", "return in store", "click from store", "click and reserve"): such data is stored until the service has been fully performed. 
data related to user requests to our Customer Service department: relevant data will be retained until your request is resolved.
With particular reference to the legal protection of our rights, we hereby specify that we keep data in accordance with any restrictions imposed by local regulations.
If you have consented to your personal data being processed for marketing and profiling purposes, the data relating to your purchases will be kept a period of 7 years as per the authorization obtained from the Italian Data Protection Authority, issued on May 25, 2018 in favor of Industries S.p. A., which is the entity in charge of such processing operations. After this retention period, the data will be automatically deleted or permanently and irreversibly anonymised.
In any case, for technical reasons, the termination of the processing and the subsequent cancellation or irreversible anonymization of the related personal data will be final within thirty days of the terms indicated above.
Procedure and Method for Destruction of Personal Data
In principle, we will promptly destroy your personal data in our possession once we achieve the purpose of collection and use of your personal data.
The process and means of destroying your personal data are as follows.
Procedure
Your personal data will be transferred to a separate database (or separate document file for paper documents) and destroyed after storage for a certain period pursuant to our internal policy or applicable laws and regulations (please refer to the provisions on retention and use period). Such personal data will not be used for any purpose other than the purpose permitted under the applicable laws and regulations.
Method
Paper documents containing personal data will be shredded through the use of document shredder or incinerated.
The personal data stored in electronic file format will be deleted by using technical means that will not allow data recovery.
5. Scope of disclosure
Internal and external communication of personal data
Personal data is accessible to our duly authorized personnel (e.g., Digital, CRM, Retail, IT personnel) as necessary and is disclosed to third parties in the following cases: when disclosure is required by laws and regulations applicable to legitimate third party recipients, such as authorities and public bodies for their respective institutional purposes, g. anti-money laundering legislation, court authorities; disclosure to third parties in the event of extraordinary transactions (e.g. mergers, acquisitions, sale of business, etc.); communication to the third party in charge of fraud prevention services.
Personal data is also shared with our service providers, e.g. for services of a technical and organizational nature that are necessary for the purposes indicated above, such as independent partners, including associates, shipping companies, marketing, payment management, etc, the list of which could be communicated upon request. We provide such parties only with the data necessary to perform the agreed services and they act as data processors in accordance with art. 28 GDPR, based on instructions received from Industries. It is expressly stated that Industries does not disclose your personal data to third parties for marketing or profiling purposes.
Finally, for the purposes of profiling, marketing and customer relationship management (to provide you with the same level of service worldwide), other companies in the Moncler Group may access your personal data as data processors in accordance with art. 28 GDPR, based on instructions received from Industries.
Data transfer abroad
For the performance of certain processing of your Personal Data, Moncler may communicate such data to external parties located in countries that do not belong to the European Union or the European Economic Area (hereinafter referred to as "Third Countries"). 
In particular, Moncler informs you that your Personal Data may be transferred to Third Countries, the list of which will be updated from time to time and available upon request. The lawfulness of such transfer is in any case guaranteed through the mechanisms envisaged by art. 46 of the GDPR, since Moncler has executed the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (supplemented by additional technical/organizational/legal measures) or, as applicable, due to the existence of an adequacy decision pursuant to art. 45 of the GDPR issued by the European Commission.
These external parties will process your Personal Data as independent data controllers or as data processors, regularly appointed by Moncler in accordance with the legislation regulating data protection (depending on the role they have in relation to the processing). 
6. Rights of the data subject
As a data subject, you may at any time exercise the rights acknowledged by the Privacy Policy with regard to the specific processing of your personal data. If you are under the legal age of indicated by the law, your legal guardians will also have the rights described below.
Below is a general description of them and how to exercise them right of access to your personal data: you can obtain confirmation that your personal data is or is not being processed and, consequently, obtain access to your personal data and information about its processing. If you wish, you will be provided with a copy of your personal data.
Below is a general description of them and how to exercise them right to rectification of your personal data: you can obtain the correction, modification or updating of any inaccurate or out-of-date information, as well as obtaining the completion of incomplete personal data, including by providing an additional statement.
Below is a general description of them and how to exercise them right to withdraw your consent: you may at any time withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data in connection with any activity for marketing purposes, including profiling. In this regard, please note that sending commercial and promotional communications, carrying out market research and surveys to measure satisfaction and tailoring commercial offers to your interests are considered marketing activities. On receipt of your request, the processing of your personal data based on such consent will cease, while different processing operations or processing based on other grounds will continue to be carried out in full compliance with applicable laws.
Below is a general description of them and how to exercise them right to the deletion of your personal data (right to be forgotten) when your personal data, in particular, is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or processed, or has been processed unlawfully, or must be deleted in order to comply with a legal obligation, or, lastly, you have objected to its processing (see "right of objection" below) and there is no overriding legitimate reason that would allow Moncler to process your personal data in any way. Once we have received and reviewed your request, if it is lawful, your personal data will be deleted.
Below is a general description of them and how to exercise them right to limit the processing of your personal data: you may request that the processing of your data be limited, i.e. that your personal data be stored but not used (with the exception of your requests and exceptions provided for by law):
§ When you challenge the accuracy of your personal data for the period necessary for Moncler to verify the accuracy of such data.
§ When the processing is unlawful, but you object to the deletion of your data.
§ When, although your data is no longer needed by Moncler for processing purposes, you need it to ascertain, exercise or defend your rights in legal proceedings.
§ When you object to the processing, pending verification of whether the Moncler Local Company or Industries have legitimate grounds to continue processing the data.
Right to data portability: you may request to receive data that is processed based on your consent or on a contract entered into with you, in a structured format and readable by an automated device. If you wish, where this is not excessive and technically possible, we may, at your request, transfer your data directly to a third party indicated by you.
Right of objection: you may at any time object to the processing of your personal data carried out based on a legitimate interest, explaining the reasons supporting your request. Unless there are reasons to prevent acceptance of the same as provided by law, we will cease the processing to which you have objected. You have the right to object at any time to the processing of your data for marketing and profiling purposes, as long as it is related to that purpose, without the need to specify the reason for your objection. In this case, the processing of your data will cease immediately.
Right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
National laws may provide for additional data subjects rights. For additional information you can contact us at the contact details indicated below.
To exercise the rights described above, you can for Countries/Regions where the toll-free number is available, call the Client Service (00 800 10204000 from Monday to Friday from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. CEST, excluding public holidays)
To exercise the rights described above, you can write to Customer Service by selecting the "privacy" topic in the relevant form in the "Contact us" section of the Website.
To exercise the rights described above, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at the address indicated in paragraph 2 above.
If you believe that your personal data has not been processed correctly, you may lodge a complaint with the local supervisory authority.
To obtain the list of our external data processors, of the third parties with whom Moncler share your personal data please contact the controllers through the modalities set forth above.
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This website, website_url_lnk, uses both first- and third-party cookies and tracking technologies, and may, with the user's consent, use marketing and profiling cookies, including of third parties, in order to: personalise the sending of information and advertising communications reflecting the interests expressed by the user while using and browsing the Internet; analyse and monitor user behaviour; allow the user to communicate and interact via social networks. By clicking on the "CONTINUE WITHOUT ACCEPTING" button, the user does not consent to the use of cookies requiring consent, maintaining the default settings (only technical cookies active). By clicking instead on the "ACCEPT ALL" button, the user consents to the use of all non-technical cookies, including marketing, profiling and social cookies. Consent is optional and can be withdrawn at any time. If the user wishes to manage their preferences, they can click on the "PERSONALISE COOKIE CHOICES" button. To learn more about the cookies we use, see thePrivacy Policy
PERSONALISE COOKIE CHOICES ACCEPT ALL
Continue without accepting
Cookie Centre
The website website_url_lnk uses different types of cookies, each of which has its own specific function. This section allows you to change the cookie settings for this website. Once you have chosen the settings desired, you must click the "SAVE MY SETTINGS" button. To accept all cookies, click "ACCEPT ALL". To reject all cookies (except technical cookies), click "REFUSE ALL". 
For more information: Cookie Policy
ACCEPT ALL
Manage Consent Preferences
Technical Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details 
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
View Vendor Details 
Marketing Cookies
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Vendor Details 
Personalization Cookies
Personalization Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. 
View Vendor Details 
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
REFUSE ALL (except technical cookies) SAVE MY SETTINGS