Unlock an Exclusive Bonus Drop Worth $99 for Just $1, Subscribe now
Unlock an Exclusive Bonus Drop Worth $99 for Just $1, Subscribe now
Legal 
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Use of Cookies
Terms of Sale
IP Policy
Recruitment
OnePlus Terms of Sale
General
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SALE CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU SUBMIT ANY ORDER TO US. THESE TERMS OF SALE CONTAIN VERY IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS, AS WELL AS CONDITIONS, LIMITATIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS THAT MIGHT APPLY TO YOU. BY PLACING AN ORDER FOR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES FROM THIS WEBSITE, YOU ACCEPT AND ARE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
THESE TERMS OF SALE REQUIRE THE USE OF ARBITRATION (OR SMALL CLAIMS COURT) ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE ANY AND ALL DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS.
These Terms of Sale, including any information made available via a hyperlink herein (together the "Terms of Sale"), set forth the terms and conditions upon which we supply Products to you. These Terms of Sale will govern all orders placed on this website and will constitute an agreement between OnePlus, as the seller, and you, as the purchaser, with respect thereto.
References in these Terms of Sale to "Products" (or, singularly, to a "Product") shall mean all products sold on this website, including but not limited to OnePlus mobile and wearable devices (i.e., mobile phones, wearable devices, tablets, and other devices) and accessories (i.e., earbuds, earphones, power adapters, chargers, keyboards, and other accessories, gear, and device-related products), available now or in the future and any other products sent to you by OnePlus, or which OnePlus agrees to supply to you, under these Terms of Sale.
References in these Terms of Sale to "you," "your," or the "customer" shall mean the person purchasing any Products.
References in these Terms of Sale to "we," "our, " us," or "OnePlus" shall mean ONEPLUS USA CORP., a Nevada corporation, trading as 'OnePlus' and having its registered office in the State of Nevada at 1810 E Sahara Ave., Suite 215, Las Vegas, Nevada 89104 USA.
Please contact us as set forth in Section 18 ('Contact Us') below with any questions, comments, or concerns in connection with these Terms of Sale.
Product Images
Images of the Products on this website are for illustrative purposes only. Although we have made every effort to ensure the accuracy of Product images on this website, your Product may vary slightly (e.g., by color) from those images. All features, functionality, and other Product specifications are subject to change without notice or obligation.
Contract for the Purchase of Products
By placing an order using the online check-out process on this website, you are making an offer to buy the selected Products from us under these Terms of Sale; and you represent and warrant that you are authorized to use the designated payment method. All orders must be accepted by us or we will not be obligated to sell the Products to you. We may choose not to accept any orders in our sole discretion.
Your offer to purchase Products will be considered accepted by us upon the earlier of your receipt of a confirmation email from us with your order number and details of the Productss you have ordered, or delivery of the Products. Acceptance of your order and the formation of the contract of sale between OnePlus and you will not take place unless and until you have so received your order confirmation email and the Products.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we may refuse to accept your order if: the Product is no longer in stock; the Product is no longer being produced; there is a price fluctuation; we cannot obtain authorization for your payment or we do not receive payment; a credit reference we have obtained for you does not meet our minimum requirements; we have a reasonable suspicion of fraudulent activity (including unauthorized reseller activity) in violation of these Terms of Sale; or you do not live in a region in which Products may be purchased.
In the event of any such nonacceptance, OnePlus will notify you of the nonacceptance and refund any money you have paid toward an order in a timely manner.
Unless otherwise provided under applicable law, refund of any money you have paid toward an order will be the extent of OnePlus's liability for any such nonacceptance.
Cancellations
OnePlus makes every effort to supply the Products listed in your order confirmation email. In some situations, however, we will need to cancel your order. For example, if: we are legally required to do so; the item is no longer in stock; and we have a reasonable suspicion of fraudulent activity (including unauthorized reseller activity) in violation of these Terms of Sale.
Incomplete shipping address information or failure to update required shipping details via email/phone when asked may also result in order cancellation.
We are not responsible for pricing, typographical, or other errors in any offer by us and we reserve the right to cancel any orders arising from such errors.
In the event of any such cancellation, OnePlus will notify you of the cancellation and refund the money you have paid toward the order in a timely manner.
Unless otherwise provided under applicable law, refund of money you have paid toward an order will be the extent of OnePlus's liability for any such cancellation.
Prices, Payment, and Price Reductions
All prices posted on this website are subject to change without notice. The price charged for a Product will be the price in effect at the time the order is placed. Price increases will only apply to orders placed after such changes. Prices and currencies displayed on your order confirmation at checkout and set forth in your order confirmation email are final.
Should OnePlus reduce its price on any Product with fourteen calendar days from the date you receive your Product, you may contact OnePlus customer service at Support to request a refund or credit of the difference between the price you were charged and the current selling price. To receive the refund or credit you must contact OnePlus within fourteen calendar days after receiving your Product.
Payments are subject to the terms and conditions governing your payment instrument (e.g., the credit card you used for payment) between you and the issuer of your payment instrument (e.g., your bank). You are responsible for any charges and related fees that may be imposed under the payment instrument terms and conditions as a result of your use of a payment instrument. OnePlus does not charge extra transaction fees. You agree that OnePlus shall not be held liable for any fees in addition to those displayed at checkout.
If you are paying for your order with an international credit or debit card, the price displayed in your card statement may vary based on exchange rates. Your bank or card issuer may also charge additional foreign conversion charges and fees, which may increase the overall cost of your purchase. Please contact your bank or card issuer regarding any such fees incurred.
All local or national taxes or duties, if any, due on account of purchases hereunder shall be paid by the customer. Posted prices do not include charges for shipping and handling. All such taxes and charges will be added to your total price.
The personal information you provide when making a purchase will be processed electronically by OnePlus for the payment of the order and for anti-fraud control. Payments on OnePlus.com are handled by third-party payment partners and transmitted using the Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") protocol with 2048-bit encryption. OnePlus does not store or have access to your payment details. Your credit/debit card information is retained via our third-party payment partners' servers.
Terms of payment are within our sole discretion and payment must be received by us before our acceptance of an order. You represent and warrant that you will pay charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including all applicable taxes, if any.
Shipping and Handling Policy
All goods are inspected and sealed before delivery to avoid damage. Orders are usually shipped within two business days of payment. At the discretion of OnePlus, orders made during promotional periods and special events may have longer shipping times. In such cases, the customer will be separately informed in advance.
Shipping time is calculated based on shipping address and shipping method. The following options can be selected during checkout: Standard Shipping (two business days processing time, plus three to seven (3-7) business days shipping time); or Priority Shipping (two business days processing time, plus one to three (1-3) business days shipping time).
OnePlus will keep you updated on your order status via email. Orders cannot be cancelled once they have reached "shipped" status.
Disclaimer.
Please note that all delivery dates are estimates only and cannot be guaranteed. We are not liable for any delays in shipments. Additional charges will be necessary for shipping addresses in remote locations. We are unable to ship to PO Box and military addresses.
Using a forwarding company is not recommended as tracking information will be beyond our monitoring system.
Please note that three -day shipping (aka 'Priority Shipping,' as described above) will not be available in the following circumstances: you schedule delivery at a fixed time; you provide incomplete or incorrect address information; you are not home or available at the time of delivery; you request self-pickup at a post office; and extreme weather conditions or other force majeure events.
You will pay all shipping and handling charges specified during the ordering process.
Risk and Title
Title to and the right to retake possession of all Products purchased from OnePlus hereunder shall remain with OnePlus until all sums owed by you in respect of such Products have been paid in full. OnePlus may, at your expense, retake possession of such Products.
Risk of loss or damage to all Products hereunder will pass to the customer upon delivery of the Products to the customer.
Return and Replacement Policy
OnePlus devices and accessories are made to the highest standards and undergo rigorous testing. If you are not satisfied with your Product for any reason, you may request a refund or replacement within fifteen calendar days of delivery. The foregoing notwithstanding, please be advised that OnePlus does not provide refunds for the Keyboard 81 Pro but, if your Keyboard 81 Pro contains one or more defects caused by workmanship or build materials, you may request a new, replacement Keyboard 81 Pro with fifteen calendar days of delivery and otherwise pursuant to the provisions of this Section 8. Once we have approved your request, we receive your returned Product, and such Product passes inspection, we will so replace your Product or give you a full refund in accordance with the price you paid for the Product.
To return an item, you will be required to submit a Return Merchandise Authorization ("RMA") form describing the problem with your Product. You will also be required to provide your original proof of purchase (i.e., the invoice). Please contact OnePlus customer service at Support (and please refer to Section below) for assistance with this process. In order to be eligible for a refund or replacement, you must contact us within fifteen calendar days of delivery and your RMA form must, as applicable, describe in detail how the goods were defective, damaged, materially different from as described, or otherwise unsatisfactory or unfit for their given purpose.
We may choose not to accept returns in certain situations, including, without limitation, the following circumstances: defects or damages caused by misuse, neglect, physical damage, tampering, incorrect adjustment, normal wear and tear, or incorrect installation after purchase; or price fluctuations being the sole reason for return.
In all cases, we will inspect the Products and verify any fault. To qualify for a replacement or refund, Products must be in undamaged, 'as new' condition and with the original packaging. We reserve the right to refuse a refund if the Product returned is reasonably deemed to have been damaged.
To request a return, please contact OnePlus customer service at Support. Once you have so contacted OnePlus customer service regarding a refund or replacement You will receive and be required to submit an RMA form. Print out the RMA form and place it inside of the shipping package you're returning. Without a verified RMA form, the returned package will be declined. Return requests cannot be cancelled by you once the returned package has reached "shipped" status.
To request a return, please contact OnePlus customer service at Support. Once you have so contacted OnePlus customer service regarding a refund or replacement Return all items from your original shipment, including devices, accessories, packaging and documentation. Do not send additional add-ons such as your SIM card, cases, screen protectors, earphones, earbuds, or other accessories that didn't come with the Products. If such additional or other items are shipped to us by mistake, we are not able to return them.
To request a return, please contact OnePlus customer service at Support. Once you have so contacted OnePlus customer service regarding a refund or replacement If a free promotional item was bundled with your purchase, you must return the promotional item along with the purchased product. If you do not return the free promotional item, you agree to pay for same at its regular list price and authorize OnePlus to deduct that amount from any refund due.
To request a return, please contact OnePlus customer service at Support. Once you have so contacted OnePlus customer service regarding a refund or replacement Before returning any unit, be sure to transfer, back up, or erase all of your personal and other data, as appropriate. You are responsible for the personal information stored on your device. Please erase all personal and sensitive data on the device before sending it to OnePlus. OnePlus will not be responsible for any disclosure of data still on the returned device.
To request a return, please contact OnePlus customer service at Support. Once you have so contacted OnePlus customer service regarding a refund or replacement OnePlus is not and shall not be held responsible for the loss or deletion of any software programs, data, or other information contained on or accessible through the returned Product. Recovery and reinstallation of third-party software programs, data, and other information are not covered under warranty.
OnePlus will pay all shipping and handling charges on returned items, provided the Product is shipped back pursuant to OnePlus's standard practices (e.g., a carrier selected by OnePlus). If the Product is not shipped back pursuant to OnePlus's standard practices, but instead shipped at the customer's expense, OnePlus will not refund any such costs unless the return is due to OnePlus's error (e.g., defective, damaged, or wrong item).
Any refund will be credited back using the same payment method used to make the original purchase on this website.
LIMITED Warranty Policy
ONEPLUS PRODUCTS PURCHASED ON ONEPLUS. COM OR THROUGH ONEPLUS'S AUTHORIZED SALES CHANNELS COME WITH A LIMITED WARRANTY. THIS WARRANTY IS ONLY VALID WITHIN THE ORIGINAL COUNTRY OR REGION OF PURCHASE. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE OFFER AFTER-SALES ASSISTANCE (INCLUDING REPAIRS AND/OR REPLACEMENTS/RETURNS) ONLY IN OFFICIAL SALES REGIONS (I. E., THE REGIONS IN WHICH WE MAKE SHIPMENTS). THIS LIMITED WARRANTY EXTENDS ONLY TO THE ORIGINAL PURCHASER OF PRODUCT(S) FROM ONEPLUS. COM OR THROUGH ONEPLUS'S AUTHORIZED SALES CHANNELS. IT DOES NOT EXTEND TO ANY SUBSEQUENT OR OTHER OWNER OR TRANSFEREE OF THE PRODUCT(S). For more details, please contact OnePlus customer service by visiting Support.
THIS LIMITED WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS, WHICH VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. WE WARRANT THAT, DURING THE WARRANTY PERIOD, THE PRODUCT(S) PURCHASED FROM THIS WEBSITE WILL BE FREE FROM DEFECTS IN MATERIALS AND WORKMANSHIP.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE IN THESE TERMS OF SALE OR AS OTHERWISE REQUIRED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ONEPLUS PROVIDES ITS GOODS AND SERVICES ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND; AND THIS WARRANTY IS EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, ORAL, WRITTEN, STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS OF SALE AND TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR ABSENCE OF HIDDEN DEFECTS.
Some states, provinces, and territories do not allow disclaimers of implied warranties, so the above disclaimer may not apply to you.
OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS IS LIMITED TO REPAIR, REPLACEMENT, OR REFUND AS SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF SALE. NEITHER ANY PERFORMANCE OR OTHER CONDUCT, NOR ANY ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION, STATEMENT, OR ADVICE PROVIDED BY US OR ANY OF OUR AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES, WILL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OR DURATION OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY.
Except as otherwise specifically provided below in this Section 9.5, in addition to the fifteen (15)-day return and replacement provisions set forth in Section above, Products purchased on OnePlus.com come with a limited warranty, commencing on the date of delivery and for the duration of twelve months. Said warranty only covers Product defects in materials and workmanship. Notwithstanding the foregoing, OnePlus screen protectors, protective covers and cases, and gear or 'swag' purchased on OnePlus.com have a fifteen (15)-day return and replacement period as described in Section above, but are not otherwise subject to said twelve (12)-month limited warranty.
Except as otherwise specifically provided in Section above, this warranty covers the hardware components of the Product as originally supplied and does not cover, in whole or in part, any associated software, services, consumable items (such as batteries), or accessories-even if packaged or sold together with the Product.
The warranty period is not extended if we repair or replace a warranted Product. The repaired or replaced Product will, however, continue to be warranted for the remaining time of the original warranty period.
To obtain warranty service, you must submit an RMA form describing the problem with your device. You will also be required to provide your original proof of purchase (i.e., the invoice), the model and serial number of the Product, and photographic evidence of the Product's defects. Please contact OnePlus customer service at Support for assistance with this process. Once you have so contacted OnePlus customer service regarding warranty service You will receive and be required to submit said RMA form. Print out the RMA form and place it inside of the shipping package you're forwarding for warranty service. No warranty service will be provided without a verified RMA form.
To obtain warranty service, you must submit an RMA form describing the problem with your device. You will also be required to provide your original proof of purchase (i.e., the invoice), the model and serial number of the Product, and photographic evidence of the Product's defects. Please contact OnePlus customer service at Support for assistance with this process. Once you have so contacted OnePlus customer service regarding warranty service Forward all appropriate items from your original shipment, including devices and any available packaging and documentation. Do not send additional add-ons such as your SIM card, cases, screen protectors, earphones, earbuds, or other accessories. If such additional or other items are shipped to us by mistake, OnePlus is not and shall not be held responsible for their loss.
To obtain warranty service, you must submit an RMA form describing the problem with your device. You will also be required to provide your original proof of purchase (i.e., the invoice), the model and serial number of the Product, and photographic evidence of the Product's defects. Please contact OnePlus customer service at Support for assistance with this process. Once you have so contacted OnePlus customer service regarding warranty service Before forwarding any unit for warranty service, be sure to transfer, back up, or erase all of your personal and other data, as appropriate. You are responsible for the personal information stored on your device. Please erase all personal and sensitive data on the device before forwarding it for warranty service. OnePlus will not be responsible for any disclosure of data still on the serviced device.
To obtain warranty service, you must submit an RMA form describing the problem with your device. You will also be required to provide your original proof of purchase (i.e., the invoice), the model and serial number of the Product, and photographic evidence of the Product's defects. Please contact OnePlus customer service at Support for assistance with this process. Once you have so contacted OnePlus customer service regarding warranty service During service, the device may undergo a 'hard reset' that will completely erase all data, settings, and content on the device, return the device to its original factory settings, and cause the device to become locked to the original carrier. Should your device become locked, only said carrier or a third-party device unlocking service provider can unlock your device and you will need to contact such carrier or service provider (or otherwise follow their established procedures) to request or effectuate an unlock. During service, even if the device does not undergo a 'hard reset,' data stored on the device may otherwise be deleted and reformatted in whole or in part. OnePlus is not and shall not be held responsible for the loss of any such data, software programs, or other information contained on or accessible through the serviced Product. Recovery and reinstallation of any such data, third-party software programs, and other information are not covered under warranty.
To obtain warranty service, you must submit an RMA form describing the problem with your device. You will also be required to provide your original proof of purchase (i.e., the invoice), the model and serial number of the Product, and photographic evidence of the Product's defects. Please contact OnePlus customer service at Support for assistance with this process. Once you have so contacted OnePlus customer service regarding warranty service If your device suffers from multiple problems and not all of them are covered under warranty, and if you are only requesting a repair of the problems that are covered under warranty, it may not be possible or feasible to do such a partial repair, as requested, if we reasonably determine (in our sole discretion) that such a partial repair will create an undue risk of further problems with the device. In such cases, OnePlus may refuse to service the device unless you agree to also allow, at your expense, the simultaneous repair of the problems that are not covered under warranty.
OnePlus will pay all shipping and handling charges on serviced items, provided the Product is forwarded for warranty service pursuant to OnePlus's standard practices (e.g., a carrier selected by OnePlus).
With respect to any defective Products during the applicable warranty period, we will, in our sole discretion, either: repair or replace the Product (or the defective part), or refund the purchase price of the Product.
OnePlus may use rebuilt, reconditioned, or new parts and components when repairing any Product. Alternatively, we may replace any defective Product entirely with a rebuilt, reconditioned, or new OnePlus Product.
THIS LIMITED WARRANTY DOES NOT COVER Defects or damage resulting from or caused by: ordinary wear and tear; accidents; misuse (including failure to follow Product documentation); abnormal use; neglect (including failure to perform preventative maintenance); disassembly; improper testing, maintenance, installation, modification, adjustment, repair, or servicing not furnished by OnePlus or an authorized OnePlus partner; external causes such as, but not limited to, theft, liquid damage, exposure to sharp objects, exposure to excessive force, anomalies in the electrical current supplied to the Product, exposure to extreme thermal conditions, and exposure to moisture, dampness, sand, dirt, or other weather/environmental conditions (including as the result of improper storage); use of the Product in conjunction with accessories, devices, ancillary/peripheral equipment, systems, software, or other matter not furnished or approved by OnePlus; cellular signal reception or transmission, viruses, or other software problems introduced into the Product; or scratches, dents, and cosmetic damage, unless caused by OnePlus.
THIS LIMITED WARRANTY DOES NOT COVER Devices that have the serial number or the International Mobile Equipment Identity ("IMEI") numbers removed, defaced, damaged, altered, or made illegible.
THIS LIMITED WARRANTY DOES NOT COVER Products not purchased from OnePlus.com or authorized sales channels (it is recommended that you first contact the point of sale for any support). This limited warranty extends only to the original purchaser of the products and not to any other or subsequent owner or transferee of the products.
THIS LIMITED WARRANTY DOES NOT COVER Products purchased outside of officially supported OnePlus countries or regions (i.e., outside of countries or regions in which we make shipments). This limited warranty is only valid and enforceable within the original country or region of purchase.
THIS LIMITED WARRANTY DOES NOT COVER Loss of data, whether caused by warranty service or otherwise.
THIS LIMITED WARRANTY DOES NOT COVER All third-party products (hardware and software) and services, which are sold by OnePlus "as is" and without warranty from OnePlus (but which, without prejudice to the foregoing, may be accompanied by a warranty from the original manufacturer).
This limited warranty does not guarantee that use of a Product will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Limitation of Liability
Some states, provinces, or territories do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.
THE REMEDIES SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF SALE ARE THE ONLY EXPRESS WARRANTY ONEPLUS PROVIDES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS AND/OR ANY OTHER CLAIM AGAINST ONEPLUS UNDER OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF SALE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES, AND OUR ENTIRE OBLIGATION AND LIABILITY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ONEPLUS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OR OTHER TERMS BINDING ON ONEPLUS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, ARISING FROM COURSE OF CONDUCT OR OTHERWISE, REGARDING YOUR PRODUCT(S), EXCEPT THAT ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT THAT CANNOT BE DISCLAIMED ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE PERIOD OF THE EXPRESS WARRANTY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF SALE.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND EXCEPT FOR PAYMENTS EXPLICITLY OUTLINED IN THESE TERMS OF SALE, EITHER PARTY'S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER, ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SALE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, CONDITION, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTE, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID TO ONEPLUS HEREUNDER FOR THE APPLICABLE PRODUCT(S) OR ANY SERVICE. THIS LIMITATION IS CUMULATIVE AND WILL NOT BE INCREASED BY THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE INCIDENT OR CLAIM. ONEPLUS DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY OF ANY KIND OF ONEPLUS'S LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS.
The foregoing limitations shall not apply to any claim by OnePlus against the customer for violation of intellectual property rights, or for payment of the amount due to OnePlus by the customer for Products and services purchased under these Terms of Sale.
Except for OnePlus's explicit warranty obligations (as expressly provided in these Terms of Sale); cases of death or serious bodily harm, fraud, or fraudulent misrepresentation; or any other damage that cannot be excluded under applicable law yOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, OR INCOME; LOSS OF BUSINESS, OPPORTUNITY, PRODUCTION, WORK, GOODWILL, OR REPUTATION; LOSS OF USE; LOSS OF DATA; ANY DIMINUTION OF IN VALUE; COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES OR OF RECOVERING OR REPRODUCING ANY DATA; OR ANY SPECIAL, ECONOMIC, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, COVER, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY EITHER PARTY UNDER, ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SALE, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, HOWEVER CAUSED, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), WARRANTY, INFRINGEMENT, CONDITION, STATUTE, OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Some states, provinces, or territories do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
OnePlus shall also not be held liable for any losses due to the fault of third parties, including, without limitation, packages that are lost or stolen in transit; damages caused by incorrect or improper usage of the Products by third parties; or other losses or damages attributable in full or in part to third parties.
Intellectual Property
We own or have a right to use all intellectual property and proprietary rights in our website, including all content. You agree that you will only use our website for personal, non-commercial use.
Certain trademarks on this website belong to third parties and may not be used without permission. Please see their respective websites for more information.
Nothing herein shall be construed as granting a license to any name, logo, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, design patents, mask works, trade dress, or any other forms of intellectual property or proprietary rights of either OnePlus or its licensors. OnePlus expressly reserves all such rights.
OnePlus and its licensors are and will remain the sole and exclusive owners of all intellectual property rights in and to the Products (and any services) made available on this website and any related specifications, instructions, documentation, software, or other materials, including, without limitation, all related copyrights, patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights, subject only to such limited license as may be granted under such Product's or service's applicable license terms and provisions. You do not and will not have or acquire any ownership of these intellectual property rights in and to the Products or any services made available through this website, or of any intellectual property rights otherwise relating to such Products or services.
You will comply with all terms and conditions of the specific license agreement for Products and any services you obtain through this website, including, without limitation, all confidentiality obligations and restrictions on resale, use, reverse engineering, copying, making, modifying, improving, sublicensing, and transfer of such licensed Products or services.
For questions regarding OnePlus's Intellectual Property Policy, please see here.
Personal Data
By making a purchase via OnePlus.com, you agree that OnePlus may collect, store, and use your personal information in accordance with OnePlus's Privacy Policy at Privacy Policy, OnePlus (United States).
Resale and Export Control
You represent and warrant that the Products and any service purchased by you through this website are for your own personal or household use only (including gifts to others), and not for resale or export.
The Products may be subject to export controls. You agree to comply with applicable export control laws of the United States, the United Nations Organization, the member states of the European Union, and the European Free Trade Association, and any other country/region not in conflict with U. S. law with respect to the export, re-export, transfer, sale, or resale of the Products.
Without limiting the foregoing, you shall under no circumstances sell, offer for sale, ship to, transship to, or otherwise make the Products available, directly or indirectly, in contravention of (and/or in any region subject to) U. S. sanctions or export restrictions, or export, directly or indirectly, the Products to any regions requiring an export license or other governmental approval without first obtaining such license or other required governmental approval.
Dispute Resolution and Binding Arbitration
READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES THE PARTIES TO ARBITRATE THEIR DISPUTES AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM ONEPLUS.
YOU AND ONEPLUS ARE AGREEING TO GIVE UP ANY RIGHTS TO LITIGATE CLAIMS IN A COURT (EXCEPT FOR MATTERS THAT MAY BE TAKEN TO SMALL CLAIMS COURT AS FURTHER SET FORTH BELOW IN THIS SECTION 14) OR BEFORE A JURY, OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION WITH RESPECT TO A CLAIM. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU WOULD HAVE IF YOU WENT TO COURT MAY ALSO BE UNAVAILABLE OR MAY BE LIMITED IN ARBITRATION.
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED BELOW, ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES, OR CONTROVERSIES (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER PRE-EXISTING, PRESENT, OR FUTURE, AND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, STATUTORY, CONSUMER PROTECTION, COMMON LAW, INTENTIONAL TORT, INJUNCTIVE, AND EQUITABLE CLAIMS) BETWEEN YOU AND US, ARISING FROM OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO, AMONG OTHER THINGS, YOUR PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THROUGH THIS WEBSITE; THESE TERMS OF SALE AND PRIOR VERSIONS OF THESE TERMS OF SALE, OR THE EXISTENCE, BREACH, TERMINATION, ENFORCEMENT, INTERPRETATION, SCOPE, WAIVER, OR VALIDITY THEREOF; OR YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH ONEPLUS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "COVERED DISPUTES"), WILL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY AND FINALLY BY BINDING ARBITRATION, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE COVERED DISPUTE OCCURRED OR ACCRUED BEFORE OR AFTER THE DATE YOU AGREED TO THESE TERMS OF SALE. 
Notwithstanding any choice of law or other provision in these Terms of Sale, this agreement to arbitrate evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce and the Federal Arbitration Act ("FAA") will govern its interpretation, enforcement, and proceedings pursuant thereto. It is the intent of the parties to be bound by the provisions of the FAA for all purposes, that the applicable arbitratration provider's rules shall preempt all state laws to the fullest extent permitted by law, and that the agreement to arbitrate be broadly interpreted.
This agreement to arbitrate applies whether your dispute is with OnePlus, its subsidiaries, affiliates, or parent company, or any suppliers or service providers involved with the Products and any service purchased through this website, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, assigns, predecessors, and successors; and regardless of the legal theory on which you base your claim (such as breach of warranty, breach of contract, negligence, etc.). This agreement to arbitrate will also be binding upon, and shall include any claims brought by, any other third parties, including, without limitation, your spouse, heirs, third-party beneficiaries, successors, and assigns, where their underlying claims arise out of or relate to a Covered Dispute.
For Covered Disputes relating to Products and any service purchased through this website, this agreement to arbitrate supersedes any terms regarding dispute resolution in any other agreement between you and OnePlus and contains the whole agreement between us with respect to any such disputes or claims.
The arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator and will be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures applicable to consumer disputes, and in accordance with the Expedited Procedures in those Rules, unless the parties agree to JAMS' Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (collectively, the "JAMS Rules"), except as modified by this Section 14. The JAMS Rules are available online at website_url_lnk
For disputes arising in a jurisdiction where JAMS cannot or will not administer the arbitration, the parties shall be required to meet and confer to select a neutral arbitration provider. Such an arbitration provider shall have operations in the state in which the dispute arises. If the parties are unable to mutually agree upon an arbitration provider, then either party may invoke 9 U. S. C. ยง 5 to request that a court of competent jurisdiction appoint an arbitration provider with operations in the state in which the dispute arises. Any arbitration provider appointed by a court under 9 U. S. C. ยง 5 shall conduct arbitration solely on an individualized basis as set forth herein. Once the parties mutually agree upon a neutral arbitration provider, or an arbitrator provider is appointed under 9 U. S. C. ยง 5, the ensuing arbitration shall commence pursuant to the rules of the designated arbitration provider, except as otherwise designated herein. Once an arbitration provider is agreed upon or appointed, an arbitrator shall be appointed. The arbitrator will be either a retired judge, or an attorney licensed to practice law in the state where the arbitration is conducted with experience in the law underlying the dispute. The arbitrator will be selected by the parties from the applicable arbitration provider's roster of arbitrators. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator after a good faith meet and confer effort, then the applicable arbitration provider will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with its rules.
We each agree that, as a condition precedent to initiating any arbitration or other legal proceedings, the parties shall make a good faith effort to resolve any Covered Dispute. In the event that the parties are unable to resolve any Covered Dispute within a reasonable period (which, in any event, shall not exceed sixty days), you or OnePlus may initiate an arbitration proceeding by sending a written notice (entitled, and referred to herein as a, "Demand for Arbitration") to the other party by mail; AND sending an electronic copy of the Demand for Arbitration to legal-usa@oneplus.com (if the Demand for Arbitration is from you) or to the email address you provide to us when placing an order (if the Demand for Arbitration is from OnePlus). Any Demand for Arbitration that you send to OnePlus should be delivered to: OnePlus, Attn: Legal Department, Re: Demand for Arbitration, 2479 E. Bayshore Road #120, Palo Alto, CA 94303.
Unless the parties agree otherwise, any arbitration hearing will take place (at your option) in Santa Clara County, California or in the county in which you reside. However, subject to the approval of the arbitrator and OnePlus, you may decide whether you want the arbitration to be conducted instead: based on written submissions without an oral hearing, or through a telephone or videoconference hearing.
All issues in dispute are for the arbitrator to decide. Except as otherwise specifically provided in Section below, the arbitrator will have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the scope, arbitrability, and enforceability of this agreement to arbitrate, whether a dispute can be arbitrated, or the interpretation of this agreement to arbitrate, including any unconscionability challenge or any other challenge to the effect that these arbitration provisions or Terms of Sale are void, voidable, or otherwise invalid. The arbitrator shall, in accordance with the JAMS Rules, allow for the discovery or exchange of non-privileged information relevant to the dispute, and shall enter orders as appropriate in order to protect the parties' trade secrets or confidential information. The arbitrator will be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in court under law or in equity. Any award of the arbitrator will be final and binding on each of the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator is not bound by decisions reached in separate arbitrations, and the arbitrator's decision shall be binding only upon the parties to the arbitration that are the subject of the decision. The arbitrator shall award reasonable costs incurred in the arbitration to the prevailing party in accordance with the laws of the state in which arbitration is held.
Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the JAMS Rules unless otherwise stated in this agreement to arbitrate. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, OnePlus will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration. If the value of the relief sought is more than $10,000 and you are able to demonstrate that the cost of accessing arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the cost of accessing a court for purposes of pursuing litigation on an individual basis, OnePlus will pay as much of the filing, administration, and arbitrator fees as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the cost of accessing arbitration from being prohibitive. If the arbitrator decides that either the substance of your claim or the remedy you asked for is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose, the parties will use the JAMS Rules to determine whether you or OnePlus is responsible for the filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees.
The foregoing notwithstanding, if a party's claim is within the jurisdiction of a small claims court, either party may choose to take the claim to that court instead of arbitration as follows: a party may take its claim to small claims court without first sending a Demand for Arbitration to the other party; a party that receives a Demand for Arbitration can, within thirty calendar days after its receipt of the Demand for Arbitration (the "Forum Determination Period"), send written notice (in the manner prescribed in Section 8 above) to the opposing party that it wants the case decided by a small claims court; after the expiration of the Forum Determination Period and after a case is filed with JAMS, but before the issuance of a Commencement Letter (as such term is defined in the JAMS Rules), a party can send written notice (in the manner prescribed in Section 8 above) to the opposing party and JAMS that it wants the case decided by a small claims court (after receiving this notice, JAMS will administratively close the case); and after the expiration of the Forum Determination Period, after a case is filed with JAMS, and after the issuance of a Commencement Letter, the parties may mutually agree in writing that the arbitration case should be closed and the dispute decided in small claims court. The small-claims court proceeding will be limited solely to your individual dispute or controversy and will not be consolidated with any other action or conducted on a class-wide, representative, or class-action basis. Neither party may file a case with jams (for a claim that is within the jurisdiction of a small claims court) until after the expiration of the Forum Determination Period.
The forgoing notwithstanding, you or OnePlus may file suit in court to address an intellectual property rights infringement claim (as set forth in Section below).
You agree to an arbitration on an individual basis. In any dispute, NEITHER YOU NOR ONEPLUS WILL BE ENTITLED TO JOIN OR CONSOLIDATE CLAIMS BY OR AGAINST OTHER CUSTOMERS IN COURT OR IN ARBITRATION OR OTHERWISE PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLAIM AS A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE, CLASS MEMBER, IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY, OR IN A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL CAPACITY. The arbitral tribunal may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. The arbitrator may award injunctive relief only in favor of you, the individual party seeking relief, and only to the extent necessary to provide relief that is warranted by your individual claim, and not any remedy that affects other OnePlus customers or third parties. The arbitral tribunal has no power to consider the enforceability of this class arbitration waiver and any challenge to the class arbitration waiver may only be raised in a court of competent jurisdiction. If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of the limitations set forth in this Section as to a particular claim for relief or remedy (such as declaratory or injunctive relief), then that claim or remedy (and only that claim or remedy) must be severed from the arbitration and must be brought in the state or federal courts located in Santa Clara County, California or in the county in which you reside, while the remaining claims and remedies (such as individual damages or restitution) will still be resolved through binding arbitration.
You can choose to reject the agreement to arbitrate ("opt out") by mailing us a written opt-out notice ("Opt-Out Notice"). The Opt-Out Notice must be postmarked no later than thirty days after the date you accept these Terms of Sale. You must mail the Opt-Out Notice to OnePlus at the following address: OnePlus, Attn: Legal Department, Re: Opt-Out Notice, 2479 E. Bayshore Road #120, Palo Alto, CA 94303. Your Opt-Out Notice must include a statement that you intend to opt out of the arbitration agreement in the OnePlus Terms of Sale, together with your name, address (including street number and address, city, state, and zip code), phone number, and the email address used in connection with your OnePlus purchase. You must sign the Opt-Out Notice in order for it to be effective. This procedure is the only way to opt out of the agreement to arbitrate. If you opt out of this agreement to arbitrate, all other parts of the Terms of Sale will continue to apply. Opting out of this agreement to arbitrate has no effect on any previous, other, or future arbitration agreements you may have with us.
Subject to the provisions of Section above, if any provision of this agreement to arbitrate is found unenforceable, that provision will be severed and the balance of this agreement to arbitrate will remain in full force and effect. Severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of the agreement to arbitrate or the parties' ability to compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an individual basis pursuant to the agreement to arbitrate. To the extent any claims must proceed on a class, collective, consolidated, or representative basis, such claims must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration, and the parties agree that litigation of those claims shall be stayed pending the outcome of any individual claims in arbitration.
Subject to the provisions of Section above, the substance of any disputes where public injunctive relief is available shall be decided by the arbitrator; and only if the claimant succeeds on its claim permitting the remedy of public injunction may such claimant request that a court of competent jurisdiction enter an injunction in conformity with the arbitral award.
Miscellaneous
Severability, Each term and provision of these Terms of Sale shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any provision hereof, in whole or in part, is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, it shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid, legal, and enforceable. If such modification is not possible, the relevant provision or portion thereof shall be deemed deleted and replaced by a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision. Any modification to or deletion of a provision hereof, in whole or in part, under this clause shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of these Terms of Sale.
Rights of Third Parties, Except as expressly stated herein, these Terms of Sale do not and are not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon any person or entity other than you and OnePlus.
Assignment, You may not voluntarily, or by operation of law, assign or otherwise transfer any of your rights or delegate any of your obligations under these Terms of Sale without the prior written consent of OnePlus. Any purported assignment or delegation in violation of this Section is null and void. No assignment or delegation relieves you of any of your obligations under these Terms of Sale. OnePlus, however, may transfer its rights and obligations under these Terms of Sale to another organization.
No Waivers, Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Sale will not constitute a continuing or subsequent waiver of future enforcement of the same or other rights or provisions. Our waiver of any right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of OnePlus.
Force Majeure, Neither party shall be liable or responsible to the other party, nor be deemed to have defaulted or committed a breach, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term hereunder (except for your failure to make payments to us when due) when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from acts beyond the impacted party's reasonable control and not involving any fault or negligence of the impacted party, including, without limitation: acts of God; flood, fire, earthquake, other natural disasters, or explosion; war, acts of terrorism, riot, or other civil unrest; government order, law, or actions; embargoes or blockades in effect on or after the effective date hereof; strikes, labor stoppages or slowdowns, or other industrial disturbances; telecommunication breakdowns, power outages or shortages, lack of warehouse or storage space, inadequate transportation services, or inability or delay in obtaining supplies of adequate or suitable materials; and other similar events beyond the reasonable control of the impacted party.
Governing Law and Judicial Forum for Non-Arbitrable Disputes -All matters arising out of or relating to these Term of Sale are governed by and construed in accordance with the FAA and (only to the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of Section 14 above and the substantive and procedural provisions of the FAA) the internal laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of California or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of California. The arbitrator will not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving OnePlus to which you are not a party. Other than claims that must be resolved through binding arbitration (or that may be brought in small claims court), any disputes relating to these Terms of Sale or the Products and any services made available on this website will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa County, California; the parties consent to personal and exclusive jurisdiction in these courts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than claims that must be resolved through binding arbitration (or that may be brought in small claims court), OnePlus reserves the right to institute proceedings and apply for injunctive remedies (or any equivalent type of urgent legal relief) against the customer in the courts having jurisdiction in the place where the customer has its seat or in any jurisdiction where harm to OnePlus is occurring.
Captions, Pronouns and Interpretation, The captions of sections of these Terms of Sale are for convenience and reference only, and the words contained therein shall in no way be held to explain, modify, amplify, or aid in the interpretation, construction, or meaning of these Terms of Sale. Any pronouns or references used herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, nonbinary, or neutral genders as appropriate. Any expression in the singular or the plural shall, if appropriate in the context, include both the singular and the plural. These Terms of Sale shall be construed according to the fair meaning of their language and (to the extent legally permissible) the rule of construction, to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party, will not be employed in interpreting these Terms of Sale.
Entire Agreement, Our order confirmation email to you, these Terms of Sale, any license agreement relating to the Products and any service you obtain on or through this website, our Intellectual Property Policy, and our Privacy Policy will be deemed the final and integrated agreement between you and us on the matters contained in these Terms of Sale.
Changes
We reserve the right to update these Terms of Sale without prior notification at any time, in our sole discretion, by updating our website accordingly. Each updated version of these Terms of Sale, at the tail end thereof, will reference the date it was last updated.
Subject to Section below, you will be bound by the version of these Terms of Sale in force at the time of purchase. You are responsible for reviewing the latest version of these Terms of Sale each time you order a Product or service from this website.
In any event, OnePlus may amend the Terms of Sale to which you are subject if we are required to make such changes under applicable law or regulations; and we notify you of the change to these Terms of Sale before we accept your order.
Notices
Except as otherwise specifically provided in Section 8 above, we may provide any notice to you under these Terms of Sale by: sending a message to the email or postal address you provide to us when placing an order, or by updating this website. Notices sent by email will be effective twenty-four hours after the e-mail is sent and notices we provide by posting to our website will be effective immediately upon posting. It is your responsibility to keep your email address current with us. Except as otherwise specifically provided in Section 8 above, notices sent to your postal address will be effective three business days after the date of posting.
Except as otherwise specifically provided in Section above, to give us notice under these Terms of Sale, you must contact us by email at our email address indicated in Section 18 ('Contact Us'). Notices will be effective twenty-four hours after the email is sent. We may update our email address for notices to us by posting a notice on this website.
Except as otherwise specifically provided in Section above, in proving the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and placed in the post and, in the case of an email, that such email was sent to the specified email address of the addressee.
Contact Us
Please email or otherwise contact us by clicking the 'Contact Us' link below (or simply call us at +1 (833) 777-3633) if you have any questions about these Terms of Sale.
This document was last updated on September 12, 2024
close carousel
Close 
Opens in new window
PDF Download
Word Download
Excel Download
PowerPoint Download
Document Download