Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Unlock an Exclusive Bonus Drop Worth $99 for Just $1, Subscribe now
Unlock an Exclusive Bonus Drop Worth $99 for Just $1, Subscribe now
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information 
Your Right to Opt Out of Sales or Sharing
If you are age sixteen or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell or share (for cross-context behavioral advertising) your personal information at any time (the "opt-out right"). You can request us not to sell or share your personal information, with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purpose, or process it for targeted advertising purpose.
How to Opt-Out of Sharing or Sale of Data
To exercise the opt-out right of selling or sharing your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes or process it for targeted advertising purposes, take the following steps: Disable cookies or similar tracking tools.
We and our third-party partners use cookies or similar tracking tools to provide advertisements to you based on your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, you may choose to disable certain types of cookies or similar tracking tools. For more information, please see the Section "How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies" in the OnePlus Global Privacy Notice.
Contract us
please contact us by calling +1(833) 777-3633 or submitting your request through email: privacy.na@oneplus.com. For information about how to exercise your right to opt-out.
In certain circumstances, we may require additional information if we are unable to verify your request based on the information you have provided. The personal information submitted in connection with this request will be used for the purpose of processing your request.
How the Opt-Out Will Affect You
The opt-out cookie only applies to the browser you were using and only for the device you were using at the time you made the selection. If you delete or clear your cookies, that will delete our opt-out cookie and you will need to opt-out again. If you access OnePlus services from other browsers or devices, you will also need to make this selection on each browser and device. Additionally, depending on the privacy preferences on your OnePlus device or OnePlus account, you may continue to receive targeted advertising that are based solely on data that OnePlus has collected directly from you. You can turn this off within your device settings or OnePlus account preferences.
Please note that opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean you will no longer see advertising on your device, it just means that advertisements may no longer be tailored to your interests. 