Accessibility Policy
Close Search
Search Oracle.com
QUICK LINKS
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure
Oracle Fusion Cloud Applications
Oracle Database
Download Java
Careers at Oracle
Search
View Accounts
Back
Cloud Account Sign in to Cloud Sign Up for Free Cloud Tier
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Contact Sales
Menu Menu
Privacy @ Oracle
Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business: the Oracle General Privacy Policy addresses information we collect in connection with your use of Oracle websites, mobile applications, and social media pages that link to the General Privacy Policy, your interactions with Oracle during in-person meetings at Oracle facilities or at Oracle events, and in the context of other online or offline sales and marketing activities.
Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business: the Services Privacy Policy describes our privacy and security practices that apply when handling services personal information in order to perform Consulting, Technical Support, Cloud and other services on behalf of Oracle customers; and personal information contained in systems operation data generated by the interaction of (end-) users of these services with Oracle systems and networks.
Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business: the Customer Data Research and Development Privacy Policy describes Oracle's processing of personal information in connection with Oracle's artificial intelligence and machine learning activities in order to analyze, develop, and improve Oracle products and services, and for security and compliance purposes.
Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business: the Oracle Recruiting Privacy Policy addresses information we may collect in connection with Oracle's online and offline recruiting efforts.
Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business: the Oracle Advertising Privacy Policy addresses how Oracle facilitates the collection and use of marketing and interest-based information to help enable interest-based advertising by our Oracle Advertising customers.
Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business: the Dyn Internet Performance Tools Privacy Policy provides information on the collection, use, sharing and processing of personal information by Oracle in connection with Dyn's Recursive DNS service, Updater Client, Gauge web browser extension, and RUM beacons.
Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business: the Oracle Life Sciences Healthcare Research Privacy Policy addresses the processing of personal information by Oracle Life Sciences to facilitate Oracle health research activities.
Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business: the Oracle Restaurants eStore Privacy Policy describes Oracle's processing of personal information in connection with Oracle's provision of the Oracle Restaurants eStore Products and Services.
Pursuant to the E. U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals may have data subject rights enabling them to request to access, delete, correct, remove or limit the use, or receive a copy of their personal information in Oracle's possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. If you would like to exercise your rights, please refer to the applicable privacy policy above or visit the Privacy Choices tab for more information.