Accessibility Policy
Close Search
Search Oracle.com
QUICK LINKS
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure
Oracle Fusion Cloud Applications
Oracle Database
Download Java
Careers at Oracle
Search
Would you like to visit an Oracle country site closer to you?
Visit Oracle United States 
No thanks, I'll stay here
See this page for a different country/region
View Accounts
Back
Cloud Account Sign in to Cloud Sign Up for Free Cloud Tier
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Contact Sales
Menu Menu
Oracle Legal
Privacy Choices
Preference, Opt-Out and EU/EEA Subject Access Mechanisms
Please review the Oracle privacy policies for information specific to your relationship with Oracle. Below, Oracle summarizes the opt-out mechanisms found in our privacy policies. If you have a question or concern with regard to any of these mechanisms, please fill out our inquiry form.
Pursuant to the E. U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals in the EU/EEA and other jurisdictions may have data subject rights enabling them to request to access, delete, correct, remove or limit the use, or receive a copy of their personal information in Oracle's possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. View instructions on how to exercise these rights.
Email and Profile Information
To customize and control your preferences for receiving electronic communications from Oracle or selected Oracle partners, including opting into (or out of) Oracle communities, newsletters and general interest areas through your Oracle profile, login at website_url_lnk follow the prompts to "update my profile."
You may opt out of Oracle's email marketing by modifying your online profile as described above or by using our general unsubscribe automated link that is included in Oracle marketing emails.
You can also find details on how to automatically unsubscribe from email communications, as well as how to submit requests to opt-out from phone and postal marketing, on our Oracle.com Account Help page.
Cookie Preferences on Oracle Websites
Oracle enables you to opt out of cookies that are not required to enable core site functionality. Oracle uses its cookie preferences tool to process Internet advertising and tracking preferences. Once you have set your cookie preferences, Oracle will follow the specific choices you made on the cookie preferences tool. Please remember that if you delete your cookies, or use a different browser or computer, you will need to set your cookie preferences again. You may access or change your cookie preference for Oracle websites through the "Cookie Preferences" link provided in the Oracle website footers.
Get started
Privacy Inquiries
Contact Oracle's Privacy Team regarding a marketing privacy-related question, comment, or issue.
Submit a request