Company Info
About PacSun
Careers
Social Responsibility
California Supply Chains Act
Terms of Use
Privacy & Cookie Policy
null
Accessibility Statement
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Date Policy last updated: 22 November 2024
Introduction
Pacific Sunwear of California, LLC ("PacSun," "we," "us," or "our) values its relationship with you, and your privacy is important to us. This Privacy and Cookies Policy describes what personal information we may receive in connection with your use of PacSun's website and its Services (as defined in our Terms of Use), how and why we receive it, your rights and options, and the efforts we make to safeguard it all. For a full discussion of your Privacy Rights, please see the Explanation of Your Rights Under Various Laws. That section provides information regarding the rights afforded to European Union and certain US state residents under the law in those respective jurisdictions and the mechanisms under which residents may exercise their rights. 
When you provide personal information to PacSun, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current, and complete information.
This Privacy Policy covers PacSun's processing as data controller or business as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of your personal information, including information we receive when you use PacSun's Services or share information with any of PacSun's third-party partners. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with this policy and contact us if you have any questions.
From easy navigation through our site to offering suggestions based on your shopping interests, our goal is giving you an optimal shopping experience. In so doing we sometimes partner with businesses with whom we share your personal information. Some of our business partners may share your personal information. We recognize that not everyone wants their personal information shared. The laws in some states allow for their residents to opt out of sharing their personal information. We are making that option available to all of our customers within the United States, regardless of your state of residence. Please see Explanation of How You Can Exercise Your Rights and What to Expect in the Process.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that PacSun does not own or control, nor to individuals whom PacSun does not employ or manage, including any of the third parties from which PacSun may obtain or to which PacSun may disclose user personal information. The practices of third parties to which PacSun provides your personal information are governed by their respective privacy policies, however, they are obligated to only process your personal data provided to them by PacSun for the specific business or commercial purpose for which you provided it to PacSun.
This policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided to you about our privacy practices. We reserve the right to change this policy, at any time. Any changes to this policy will become effective upon posting of the revised policy on PacSun's Website. If there are material changes to this policy or our privacy practices, those become effective by posting the updated policy with the new update date on the PacSun Website, and we will seek your consent where and when required.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect, Including in Past 12 Months
For customers and visitors to our site and stores, we may process the following categories of personal data as evinced by our processing of these categories of personal data in at least the past twelve months: identifiers: such as your real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, 
For customers and visitors to our site and stores, we may process the following categories of personal data as evinced by our processing of these categories of personal data in at least the past twelve months: personal Information: such as your name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, gift card, rewards program, and coupon code information, or any other financial information
For customers and visitors to our site and stores, we may process the following categories of personal data as evinced by our processing of these categories of personal data in at least the past twelve months: characteristics of Protected Classification under California and federal law: such as age or race, national origin
For customers and visitors to our site and stores, we may process the following categories of personal data as evinced by our processing of these categories of personal data in at least the past twelve months: commercial information:such as records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies 
For customers and visitors to our site and stores, we may process the following categories of personal data as evinced by our processing of these categories of personal data in at least the past twelve months: internet or other electronic network activity: information may include, but is not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website application, or advertisements.
For customers and visitors to our site and stores, we may process the following categories of personal data as evinced by our processing of these categories of personal data in at least the past twelve months: geolocation information: such as "Bill To" address, location information (continent, country, region, state or province, zip code, city, store vicinity, and "Ship To" address
For customers and visitors to our site and stores, we may process the following categories of personal data as evinced by our processing of these categories of personal data in at least the past twelve months: audio, Visual Information: such as video and images from in-store cameras and audio messages, or as may be provided by you for use with AI tools.
For customers and visitors to our site and stores, we may process the following categories of personal data as evinced by our processing of these categories of personal data in at least the past twelve months: professional or employment-related information: may include Professional or employment-related information as provided by employees and job applicants.
For customers and visitors to our site and stores, we may process the following categories of personal data as evinced by our processing of these categories of personal data in at least the past twelve months: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above: may be used to create a profile about our visitors reflecting the visitor's preferences, characteristics, behavioral, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
For customers and visitors to our site and stores, we may process the following categories of personal data as evinced by our processing of these categories of personal data in at least the past twelve months: sensitive Personal Information: such as your social security, driver's license, state identification card, account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account, precise geolocation.
Categories of Sources from Which Personal Information is Collected 
Personal information about you may be obtained from you: We collect information directly from you, whenever you: make a purchase or return merchandise through our on-line eCommerce store; visit or return merchandise to a physical store; contact us with questions or comments; submit a product rating and review; enter our contests or sweepstakes or contests or sweepstakes we are affiliated with; consent to receive our promotional emails, or communicate with us; save items to or add to your shopping bag; create a PacSun account; respond to a survey or questionnaire, engage or participate in customer or market research; navigate our website and click on features or products; interact with AI Tools; contact Customer Service; apply for a job; or fill out any forms on our websites.
Personal information about you may be obtained from your Device or Browser: Certain information is automatically collected from your device or browser and analyzed when you visit our Platforms, interact with our Social Media pages or online advertising, or open our emails.
Personal information about you may be obtained from third Parties: We work with third parties who provide services to us or to you, like analytics, advertising, shipping and fulfillment, and technology companies. These third parties share information they have collected with us. Your information may also be collected and processed by third parties, such as the payment providers you select, who will process your information independently in accordance with their own privacy notices. Your information may also be shared with us by others, such as your friends and family, when they use a service on our Platforms; for example, by sending you an E-Gift Card or shipping an order to your address.
Personal information about you may be obtained from social Media Platforms:Social media platforms share information with us. You may learn how social media platforms collect and use your information by reviewing their privacy notices.
Personal information about you may be obtained from cookies: PacSun uses cookies (small files stored on your device or browser), pixel tags (tiny graphic images embedded in a website or email), and other similar technologies to automatically collect information when you visit or interact with our Platforms, or interact with our emails. For a full discussion of our use of Cookies, please see the Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies section below.
Specific Business or Commercial Purpose for Collection and Disclosure of Personal Information, including in the past twelve months
We may collect and process your personal information for the following purposes as a result of the contractual or pre-contractual relationships between you and us: to process your online shopping on our Services, including to implement transactions and to maintain details of your order history.
We may collect and process your personal information for the following purposes as a result of the contractual or pre-contractual relationships between you and us: to contact you and provide you with the products, services, information and assistance you request.
We may collect and process your personal information for the following purposes as a result of the contractual or pre-contractual relationships between you and us: to manage your electronic subscriptions.
We may collect and process your personal information for the following purposes as a result of the contractual or pre-contractual relationships between you and us: to manage your participation in sweepstakes, games, and contests in which you have chosen to participate; and
We may collect and process your personal information for the following purposes as a result of the contractual or pre-contractual relationships between you and us: to address your claims resulting from the performance of agreements between you and us.
Moreover, we also may collect and process your personal information for the following purposes: to provide you with suggestions and information in which you may be interested.
Moreover, we also may collect and process your personal information for the following purposes: to make and display advertisements and to measure or understand the effectiveness thereof (including but not limited to targeted advertisements); and
Moreover, we also may collect and process your personal information for the following purposes: for implementing business analysis
We also may collect and process your personal information for the purposes identified below, which are required in order for us to pursue our legitimate interest to ensure that the information and content available on our Services is presented in an effective manner.
We also may collect and process your personal information for the purposes identified below, which are required in order for us to pursue our legitimate interest to improve the clothes we design and manufacture, so as to better meet market expectations, and to improve our online platform so that it is easier to use.
We also may collect and process your personal information for the purposes identified below, which are required in order for us to pursue our legitimate interest to protect the integrity and operation of our Services, and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and service improvement.
We also may collect and process your personal information for the purposes identified below, which are required in order for us to pursue our legitimate interest to make you aware of any changes to our Services.
We also may collect and process your personal information for the purposes identified below, which are required in order for us to pursue our legitimate interest to bring legal action to protect your safety or rights or the safety or rights of PACSUN or others; and
We also may collect and process your personal information for the purposes identified below, which are required in order for us to pursue our legitimate interest to comply with requests from authorized law enforcement authorities.
Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information is Disclosed, including in past twelve months
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes business Communications and Collaboration Tool Provider,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes data Analytics Provider,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes data Storage Service Provider,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes payment Processor,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes ad Network Provider,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes aI Tools Provider,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes sales and Marketing Tool Provider,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes product Infrastructure Tool Provider,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes product Engineering and Design Tool Provider,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes order Fulfillment Vendor,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes eCommerce Vendor,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes finance and Accounting Tool Vendor,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes social Network,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes security Tools Vendor,
The categories of Third Parties to whom your Personal Information may be disclosed includes government Entities
Categories of Personal Information Sold or Shared in the Past 12 Months
PACSUN does not sell Personal Information. We share Personal Information with certain Businesses with which we have a relationship in order to provide merchandise and services to our customers. Some of these businesses may require consumers to directly input their personal information in order to fulfill that business' service to PACSUN, e.g. consumers input personal information and sensitive personal information directly with a payment processing vendor or, recording of your customer service dialogue with our customer service vendor to enhance your service experience. In each of those instances the third-party business is required to limit its processing personal information to those purposes for which it was engaged by PASUN.
PACSUN also shares your personal information for purposes of focused advertising, bringing you product that most closely resemble your shopping preferences.
The categories of Personal Information shared may be identifiers
The categories of Personal Information shared may be personal Information
The categories of Personal Information shared may be commercial
The categories of Personal Information shared may be geolocation
The categories of Personal Information shared may be internet or other electronic network activity information
The categories of Personal Information shared may be information drawn from information gained above
Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information was Sold or Shared
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes business Communications and Collaboration Tool Provider
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes data Analytics Provider
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes data Storage Service Provider
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes ad Network
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes cookies Provider
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes sales and Marketing Provider
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes product Infrastructure Provider
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes product Engineering and Design Provider
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes order Fulfillment Vendor
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes eCommerce Vendor
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes finance and Accounting Provider
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes social Network
The categories of Third Parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared includes security Tools Provider
Specific Business or Commercial Purpose for the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
PACSUN relies on third-party vendors to provide support and assistance for our Services and products. We may disclose your personal information with such third parties in order to help us conduct our business with you and to provide you with the best possible products and services. We may contract with various third-parties in furtherance of this goal, including but not limited to payment processors, website hosting partners, banks, cookie providers, and others.
We also work with advertising, marketing, and analytics partners to serve ads on this or other sites, using information collected through the use of industry standard technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and pixel tags. These entities may receive information about you over time and across different websites when you use our Services.
Notice of Your Right to Opt-out of Sale/Sharing
You have the right to Opt-out of PACSUN sharing your information with Third Parties. PACSUN recognizes Opt-Out Preference Signals which is a configuration you can make in your browser that communicates with our website. Depending on your browser provider, you may be able to automatically Opt-out of processing your Personal Information within your browser's settings. If your browser does not allow for OOPS, the easiest way to Opt-out of our sharing your personal information with Third Parties is to use the "Do Not Sell/Share my Personal Information" signal linked here. If that is not convenient, you may also submit a request to opt-out by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
Collection of Data from Minors
Ages 13-17
We do not have actual knowledge that we sale or share the personal information of anyone under 18. If someone over 13 and under 18 wishes to provide Pacsun with Personal Information, participate in our providing personal advertising, or to participate in our services, we provide an email address link for that person to Opt-In. Please Opt-in at thirteentoseventeenopt-in@pacsun.com. You may Opt-out at any time by following the steps below.
Ages Under 13
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 in the U. S., or the equivalent age in other jurisdictions (such as 16 in the EU), without receiving parental consent. No part of our Platforms is directed to children under the age of 13. Users must be at least this age to access, use, or register for the Services. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of children under 13 without first receiving verifiable parental consent, we will take prompt steps to delete such information and terminate the child's account.
If you are under the age of 13, before accessing our site or providing us with your Personal Information, you must first provide us with a signed written consent from your parent, which can be provided to us at thirteentoseventeenopt-in@pacsun.com. 
If you are a parent and you think we have inadvertently collected personal information from your child who is under 13, without your consent you may email us at parentalrequesttodelete@pacsun.com to delete this content from the Services.
Other Information on How PACSUN Manages Your Personal Information
If PACSUN is sold to or merges with another company, or declares bankruptcy, some or all of the personal information collected about you may be transferred to a third-party as a result of the transfer of assets, subject only to agreement by the acquirer that the personal information will be subject to the same or substantially similar privacy protections as those established by this Privacy Policy.
PACSUN collaborates with government agencies and security organizations to prevent fraud and fraudulent use of your information, including your personal information. During fraud prevention investigations, we may share information, including your personal information, with the agencies that assist us, as permitted and required by U. S. law.
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will only share your personal information with the categories of third parties and service providers described in this Privacy Policy unless we have irreversibly removed any information from which you could be identified, directly or indirectly.
We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose, including providing it to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Statement whether PACSUN Uses or Discloses Sensitive Personal Information
PACSUN does not use nor disclose Sensitive Personal Information except for those purposes allowed under California Civil Code ยง7027 (m), e.g., provision of goods and services, prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents, to resist, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal acts, to ensure the physical safety of natural people, to perform services on behalf of PACSUN, to maintain the quality and safety of PACSUN's products and services, or to collect and process sensitive personal information in instances in which the processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about our consumers.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
PacSun retains personal information for the length of time necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected and for so long as it is needed to continue providing its services. When an account is inactive (no purchases, no access to account, or no website visits) for more than one year, it is deleted. When we no longer have a legitimate business purpose to retain your Personal Data, or when you request that we delete your personal data (except pursuant to one of the exceptions noted in this Policy), we will remove your Personal Data from our systems and records and direct our service providers to do the same, that may include taking steps to anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it. However, please note that if you make a request to delete your information and then subsequently revisit our website and provide your information again to us for a particular purpose, we will retain your information as stated herein.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Protecting your personal information is important to us. We use industry standard technology to protect the security of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use, or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time. As a result, while we are committed to protecting your personal information and using reasonable practices in doing so, we cannot 100% ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us.
Explanation of Your Rights Under Various Laws (Please click on any link relevant to you)
Rights of European Union Residents
Residents of the European Union are entitled to access the personal information we keep about them, ask for the modification of such information, and receive such information in a structured and standard format. Residents of the European Union also may ask us to erase their personal information or restrict us from processing it. A resident of the European Union has the right to object to processing of their personal information. As permitted under European Union law, a resident's request for erasure and objection to processing of their personal information may be subject to certain restrictions. To exercise such rights, please Contact Us. Residents of the European Union also have the right to lodge a complaint with a local regulatory authority about how their personal information has been processed.
Rights Under US States Privacy Laws
In addition to the rights you have under our Privacy Policy, residents of certain states have additional rights reserved for citizens of those states. PacSun has decided to allow all its customers and other persons in the US to make the same privacy requests, which we call Personal Data requests, regardless of where you reside and regardless whether your place of residence affords you the legal right to make such requests. PacSun reserves the right to discontinue this policy at any time, and at its sole discretion, and to limit Personal Data requests to only those residents of those jurisdictions with privacy laws affording the applicable rights. 
Below is a synopsis of your rights under specific state privacy laws. You may exercise these rights as described in this Privacy Policy. We will endeavor to honor your requests unless such a request conflicts with certain lawful exemptions under your state's consumer privacy law.
California +
Rights Regarding Personal Information Used for Marketing
If you are a California resident, California law permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. PACSUN does not disclose your personal information for third parties' direct marketing purposes.
California law also permits minors to request and obtain deletion of certain posted content. For additional information or to make such a request, please contact us.
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know and Access, the right to know what personal information the business has collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom the business discloses personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information the business has collected about the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to know is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. You also may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know on your behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way. To complete your request, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity.
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to request that we correct any Personal Information we have collected about you, subject to certain exceptions. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. You also may designate an authorized agent to make a request to correct on your behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way. To complete your request, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity.
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to request that we delete any Personal Information we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. You also may designate an authorized agent to make a request to delete on your behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way. To complete your request, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity.
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. You also may designate an authorized agent to make a request to opt-out of sale or sharing on your behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way.
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Limit Use of Sensitive Personal Information the right to request to limit our use of your sensitive personal information. Sensitive Personal Information means: personal information that reveals: a consumer's social security, driver's license, state identification card, or passport number; a consumer's account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; a consumer's precise geolocation; a consumer's racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership; the contents of a consumer's mail, email and text messages, unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication; a consumer's genetic data; and the processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer; personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer's health; or personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer's sex life or sexual orientation. The easiest way to submit a request to limit the use of your sensitive personal information is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. You also may designate an authorized agent to make a request to opt-out of sale on your behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way. 
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of specific pieces of personal information obtained from the consumer in a format that is easily understandable to the average consumer, and to the extent technically feasible, in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Consumers have the right to receive the data or the data may be transmitted to another entity at the consumer's request without hindrance.
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 60 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the California Attorney General to submit a complaint or express your concerns at website_url_lnk
Colorado +
If you are a resident of Colorado, the Colorado Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know and Access, the right to confirm whether a controller is processing personal data concerning the consumer and to access the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to confirm is by submitting a Personal Information Request.
If you are a resident of Colorado, the Colorado Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to correct inaccuracies in the consumer's personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Colorado, the Colorado Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data concerning the consumer, subject to certain exceptions. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Colorado, the Colorado Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to opt out of the processing of personal data concerning the consumer for purposes of: targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. Residents of Colorado may designate an authorized agent to make a request to opt-out on their behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way.
If you are a resident of Colorado, the Colorado Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of a consumer's personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
If you are a resident of Colorado, the Colorado Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. "Sensitive Data Inference" or "Sensitive Data Inferences" means inferences made by a Controller based on Personal Data, alone or in combination with other data, which are used to indicate an individual's racial or ethnic origin; religious beliefs; mental or physical health condition or diagnosis; sex life or sexual orientation; or citizenship or citizenship status.
If you are a resident of Colorado, the Colorado Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of Colorado, the Colorado Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 45 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Colorado Attorney General to submit a complaint or express your concerns at website_url_lnk
Connecticut +
If you are a resident of Connecticut, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know and Access, the right to confirm whether or not a controller is processing the consumer's personal data and access such personal data. This right is limited to the extent such confirmation or access would require the controller to reveal a trade secret. The easiest way to submit a request to know is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Connecticut, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to correct inaccuracies in the consumer's personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Connecticut, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data provided by, or obtained about, the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Connecticut, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to opt out of the processing of the personal data for the purposes of: targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. Residents of Connecticut may designate an authorized agent to make a request to opt-out on their behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way.
If you are a resident of Connecticut, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of the consumer's personal data processed by the controller, in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means, provided such controller shall not be required to reveal any trade secret.
If you are a resident of Connecticut, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. Sensitive data means personal data that includes data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life, sexual orientation or citizenship or immigration status, the processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual, personal data collected from a known child, or precise geolocation data.
If you are a resident of Connecticut, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of Connecticut, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 60 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Attorney General of your state to submit a complaint or express your concerns at website_url_lnk
Delaware +
If you are a resident of Delaware, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know and Access, the right to confirm whether a controller is processing personal data concerning the consumer and to access the consumer's personal data, unless such would require disclosure of trade secrets. The easiest way to submit a request to confirm is by submitting a Personal Information Request. 
If you are a resident of Delaware, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know Categories of Third Parties, the right to know the categories of third parties to which the consumer's personal data was disclosed. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Delaware, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to correct inaccuracies in the consumer's personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Delaware, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data concerning the consumer, subject to certain exceptions. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Delaware, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to opt out of the processing of personal data concerning the consumer for purposes of: targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. Residents of Delaware may designate an authorized agent to make a request to opt-out on their behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way.
If you are a resident of Delaware, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of a consumer's personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
If you are a resident of Delaware, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. "Sensitive Data Inference" or "Sensitive Data Inferences" means inferences made by a Controller based on Personal Data, alone or in combination with other data, which are used to indicate an individual's racial or ethnic origin; religious beliefs; mental or physical health condition or diagnosis (including pregnancy); sex life; sexual orientation; status as transgender or nonbinary; citizenship status or immigration status; personal data of a known child; precise geolocation data.
If you are a resident of Delaware, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of Delaware, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 45 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Delaware Attorney General to submit a complaint or express your concerns at privacy@delaware.gov.
Iowa +
If you are a resident of Iowa, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know and Access, the right to confirm whether or not a controller is processing the consumer's personal data and access such personal data. This right is limited to the extent such confirmation or access would require the controller to reveal a trade secret. The easiest way to submit a request to know is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Iowa, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data concerning the consumer, subject to certain exceptions. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Iowa, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale, the right to opt out of the sale of personal data or targeted advertising. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. Residents of Iowa may designate an authorized agent to make a request to opt-out on their behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way.
If you are a resident of Iowa, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of the consumer's personal data processed by the controller, in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means, provided such controller shall not be required to reveal any trade secret.
If you are a resident of Iowa, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. Sensitive data means personal data that includes a) racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sexual orientation or citizenship or immigration status, except to the extent such data is used in order to avoid discrimination on the basis of a protected class that would violate a federal or state anti-discrimination law, b) genetic or biometric data that is processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual, c) personal data collected from a known child, or d) precise geolocation data.
If you are a resident of Iowa, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of Iowa, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 60 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Attorney General of your state to submit a complaint or express your concerns at consumer@ag.iowa.gov. 
Maryland +
If you are a resident of Maryland, the Maryland Online Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know and Access, the right to confirm whether a controller is processing personal data concerning the consumer and to access the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to confirm is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Maryland, the Maryland Online Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know Categories of Third Parties, the right to know the categories of third parties to which the consumer's personal data was disclosed. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Maryland, the Maryland Online Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to correct inaccuracies in the consumer's personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Maryland, the Maryland Online Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data concerning the consumer, subject to certain exceptions. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Maryland, the Maryland Online Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to opt out of the processing of personal data concerning the consumer for purposes of: targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. Residents of Maryland may designate an authorized agent to make a request to opt-out on their behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way.
If you are a resident of Maryland, the Maryland Online Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of a consumer's personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
If you are a resident of Maryland, the Maryland Online Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. "Sensitive Data Inference" or "Sensitive Data Inferences" means inferences made by a Controller based on Personal Data, alone or in combination with other data, which are used to indicate an individual's racial or ethnic origin; religious beliefs; consumer health data; sex life; sexual orientation; status as transgender or nonbinary; national origin; citizenship or immigration status; genetic or biometric data; personal data collected f4rom a known child; precise geolocation data.
If you are a resident of Maryland, the Maryland Online Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of Maryland, the Maryland Online Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 45 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Maryland Attorney General to submit a complaint or express your concerns at website_url_lnk
Minnesota +
If you are a resident of Minnesota, the Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know and Access, the right to confirm whether a controller is processing personal data concerning the consumer and to access the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to confirm is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Minnesota, the Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know Categories of Third Parties, the right to know the categories of third parties to which the consumer's personal data was disclosed. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Minnesota, the Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to correct inaccuracies in the consumer's personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Minnesota, the Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data concerning the consumer, subject to certain exceptions. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Minnesota, the Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to opt out of the processing of personal data concerning the consumer for purposes of: targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. Residents of Minnesota may designate an authorized agent to make a request to opt-out on their behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way.
If you are a resident of Minnesota, the Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of a consumer's personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
If you are a resident of Minnesota, the Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. "Sensitive Data Inference" or "Sensitive Data Inferences" means inferences made by a Controller based on Personal Data, alone or in combination with other data, which are used to indicate an individual's racial or ethnic origin; religious beliefs; mental or physical health condition or diagnosis; sex life or sexual orientation; transgender or nonbinary status; or citizenship or immigration status.
If you are a resident of Minnesota, the Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of Minnesota, the Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 45 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Minnesota Attorney General to submit a complaint or express your concerns at website_url_lnk
Montana +
If you are a resident of Montana, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Access, the right to confirm whether or not a controller is processing the consumer's personal data and to access such personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to know is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Montana, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to correct inaccuracies in consumer's personal data, considering the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request.
If you are a resident of Montana, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data provided by or obtained about the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Montana, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data and profiling in advancing decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Montana, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of their personal data that they previously provided to the controller in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means.
If you are a resident of Montana, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. Sensitive data means: personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status; the processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person; the personal data collected from a known child.
If you are a resident of Montana, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of Montana, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 45 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com.
Nebraska +
If you are a resident of Nebraska, the Nebraska Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Access, the right to confirm whether a controller is processing personal data concerning the consumer and to access the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to confirm is by submitting a Personal Information Request
If you are a resident of Nebraska, the Nebraska Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to correct inaccuracies in the consumer's personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Nebraska, the Nebraska Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data provided by or obtained about the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Nebraska, the Nebraska Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to opt out of the processing of personal data concerning the consumer for purposes of: targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. Residents of Nebraska may designate an authorized agent to make a request to opt-out on their behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way.
If you are a resident of Nebraska, the Nebraska Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of a consumer's personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
If you are a resident of Nebraska, the Nebraska Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. "Sensitive Data Inference" or "Sensitive Data Inferences" means inferences made by a Controller based on Personal Data, alone or in combination with other data, which are used to indicate an individual's racial or ethnic origin; religious beliefs; mental or physical health diagnosis; sexual orientation; or citizenship or immigration status genetic or biometric data that is processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual; personal data collected from a known child; precise geolocation data.
If you are a resident of Nebraska, the Nebraska Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of Nebraska, the Nebraska Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 45 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Nebraska Attorney General to submit a complaint or express your concerns at website_url_lnk
New Hampshire +
If you are a resident of New Hampshire, the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know and Access, the right to confirm whether a controller is processing personal data concerning the consumer and to access the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to confirm is by submitting a Personal Information Request.
If you are a resident of New Hampshire, the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to correct inaccuracies in the consumer's personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of New Hampshire, the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data concerning the consumer, subject to certain exceptions. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of New Hampshire, the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to opt out of the processing of personal data concerning the consumer for purposes of: targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. Residents of New Hampshire may designate an authorized agent to make a request to opt-out on their behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way.
If you are a resident of New Hampshire, the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of a consumer's personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
If you are a resident of New Hampshire, the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. "Sensitive Data Inference" or "Sensitive Data Inferences" means inferences made by a Controller based on Personal Data, alone or in combination with other data, which are used to indicate an individual's racial or ethnic origin; religious beliefs; mental or physical health condition or diagnosis; sex life; sexual orientation; citizenship or immigration status; genetic or biometric data processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual; personal data of a known child; precise geolocation data.
If you are a resident of New Hampshire, the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of New Hampshire, the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 45 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the New Hampshire Attorney General to submit a complaint or express your concerns at website_url_lnk
New Jersey +
If you are a resident of New Jersey, the New Jersey Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know and Access, the right to confirm whether a controller is processing personal data concerning the consumer and to access the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to confirm is by submitting a Personal Information Request.
If you are a resident of New Jersey, the New Jersey Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to correct inaccuracies in the consumer's personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of New Jersey, the New Jersey Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data concerning the consumer, subject to certain exceptions. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of New Jersey, the New Jersey Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to opt out of the processing of personal data concerning the consumer for purposes of: targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. Residents of New Jersey may designate an authorized agent to make a request to opt-out on their behalf and that agent may make the request in the same way.
If you are a resident of New Jersey, the New Jersey Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of a consumer's personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
If you are a resident of New Jersey, the New Jersey Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. "Sensitive Data Inference" or "Sensitive Data Inferences" means inferences made by a Controller based on Personal Data, alone or in combination with other data, which are used to indicate an individual's racial or ethnic origin; religious beliefs; mental or physical health condition, treatment, or diagnosis; financial information, which shall include a consumer's account number, account log-in, financial account, or credit or debit card number, in combination with any required security code, access code, or password that would permit access to a consumer's financial account; sex life or sexual orientation; citizenship or immigration status; status as transgender or non-binary; genetic or biometric data that may be process for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual; personal data collected from a known child; or precise geolocation data.
If you are a resident of New Jersey, the New Jersey Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of New Jersey, the New Jersey Data Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 45 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the New Jersey Attorney General to submit a complaint or express your concerns at website_url_lnk 
Oregon +
If you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: if you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Access, the right to confirm whether or not a controller is processing the consumer's personal data and to access such personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to know is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: if you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Know Categories of Third Parties, the right to know the categories of third parties to which the consumer's personal data was disclosed. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: if you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to correct inaccuracies in consumer's personal data, considering the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request. 
If you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: if you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data provided by or obtained about the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: if you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data and profiling in advancing decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: if you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of their personal data that they previously provided to the controller in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means. 
If you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: if you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. Sensitive data means: personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status; the processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person; the personal data collected from a known child. 
If you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: if you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services. 
If you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: if you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 45 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com. 
Tennessee +
If you are a resident of Tennessee, the Tennessee Information Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Access, the right to confirm whether or not a controller is processing the consumer's personal data and to access such personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to know is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Tennessee, the Tennessee Information Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, tthe right to correct inaccuracies in consumer's personal data, considering the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request. 
If you are a resident of Tennessee, the Tennessee Information Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data provided by or obtained about the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Tennessee, the Tennessee Information Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, tthe right to opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data and profiling in advancing decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Tennessee, the Tennessee Information Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of their personal data that they previously provided to the controller in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means.
If you are a resident of Tennessee, the Tennessee Information Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. Sensitive data means: personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status; the processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person; the personal data collected from a known child; precise geolocation data.
If you are a resident of Tennessee, the Tennessee Information Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of Tennessee, the Tennessee Information Protection Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 45 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com..
Texas +
If you are a resident of Texas, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Access, the right to confirm whether or not a controller is processing the consumer's personal data and to access such personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to know is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Texas, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to correct inaccuracies in consumer's personal data, considering the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request.
If you are a resident of Texas, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data provided by or obtained about the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Texas, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data and profiling in advancing decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Texas, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of their personal data that they previously provided to the controller in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means.
If you are a resident of Texas, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. Sensitive data means: personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexuality, or citizenship or immigration status; genetic or biometric data that is processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual; the personal data collected from a known child; precise geolocation data.
If you are a resident of Texas, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of Texas, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 45 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or legal@pacificsunwear.com..
Utah +
If you are a resident of Utah, The Utah Consumer Privacy Act (effective 31 December 2023) provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Access, the right to confirm whether a controller is processing the consumer's personal data; and access the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to know is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Utah, The Utah Consumer Privacy Act (effective 31 December 2023) provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete the consumer's personal data that the consumer provided to the controller. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Utah, The Utah Consumer Privacy Act (effective 31 December 2023) provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Certain Processing, the right to opt out of the processing of the consumer's personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising; or the sale of personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Utah, The Utah Consumer Privacy Act (effective 31 December 2023) provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of their personal data in a format that is portable and readily usable, where technically feasible and to the extent practicable. Consumers have the right to transmit the data to another controller without impediment where processing is carried out by automated means.
If you are a resident of Utah, The Utah Consumer Privacy Act (effective 31 December 2023) provides you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect against a consumer for exercising a right by denying a good or service to the consumer, charging the consumer a different price or rate for a good or service, or providing the consumer a different level of quality of a good or service.
Virginia +
If you are a resident of Virginia, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Access, tthe right to confirm whether or not a controller is processing the consumer's personal data and to access such personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to know is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
If you are a resident of Virginia, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Correct, the right to correct inaccuracies in consumer's personal data, considering the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data. The easiest way to submit a request to correct is by submitting a Personal Information Request. 
If you are a resident of Virginia, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Delete, the right to delete personal data provided by or obtained about the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to delete is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Virginia, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing, the right to opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data and profiling in advancing decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. The easiest way to submit a request to opt-out of sale or sharing is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786. 
If you are a resident of Virginia, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Data Portability, the right to obtain a copy of their personal data that they previously provided to the controller in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means.
If you are a resident of Virginia, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Provide Affirmative Consent, We cannot process your sensitive data, your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. Sensitive data means: personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status; the processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person; the personal data collected from a known child; precise geolocation data.
If you are a resident of Virginia, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Non-Discrimination, The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.
If you are a resident of Virginia, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act provide you with the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: right to Appeal, if we deny your request, you may appeal the denial within 45 days from receipt of our decision on your request. You may submit an appeal by calling this toll-free number at (877) 372-2786 or llegal@pacificsunwear.com.. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the Virginia Attorney General to submit a complaint or express your concerns at website_url_lnk
Explanation of How You Can Exercise Your Rights and What to Expect in the Process
If you are a US resident, PACSUN has decided to allow all its customers and other persons in the United States to make the same privacy requests, which we call Personal Information Requests, regardless of where you reside and regardless whether your place of residence affords you the legal right to make such requests. PACSUN reserves the right to discontinue this policy at any time, and at its sole discretion, and to limit Personal Information requests to only those residents of those jurisdictions with privacy laws affording the applicable rights. The easiest way to submit a request to know is by submitting a Personal Information Request. You may also call us at 1 (877) 372-2786.
Except with respect to Requests to Opt-Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information, PACSUN will verify the person's identity before complying with any such requests. For your request, we will verify your identity by asking you to log in to your account if you have one with us. Or if you do not, we may ask for your email address, order numbers of previous orders, or other information we think would allow us to verify your request. For all requests, PACSUN will verify a person's identity by matching the person's name, email address, and telephone number with its existing records. To verify certain requests related to your Personal Information, PACSUN may require a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that the requestor of the information is the person to whom the personal information requested belongs. Therefore, after receiving a request for or in relation to personal information, PACSUN will contact the requesting person to obtain the signed declaration. If PACSUN cannot verify a person's identity from the information already in its existing records, PACSUN may request additional information from the person which will only be used for the purposes of verifying the identity of the person seeking to exercise the privacy options outlined here and for security or fraud prevention purposes. PACSUN will inform the person if it is unable to verify the person's identity.
Upon verifying your identity, we will proceed with honoring your Personal Information Request promptly, subject to any legal restriction on PACSUN honoring it.
You may elect to have an Authorized Agent submit a Personal Information Request on your behalf. We will honor your representative's request in the same manner and only after we verify your identity to ensure the request is yours. To use an authorized agent, you must provide the agent with signed authorization. In addition, you may be required to verify your own identity with PACSUN and or directly confirm with PACSUN that you authorized the agent to submit the Personal Information Request on their behalf. PACSUN may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on their behalf. Such requirements, however, will not apply where a person has provided the authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to the law of their state of residence.
To use an authorized agent, you must provide the agent with signed permission to submit the request. An authorized agent should submit requests to legal@pacificsunwear.com and should include proof of signed permission from the underlying data subject to submit the request. An authorized agent may also call our toll free number, (877) 372-2786 to submit a request. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit signed permission demonstrating that it has been authorized by the data subject to submit the request.
Use of AI Tools
We utilize a variety of technologies, including artificial intelligence tools (AI Tools) to enhance your navigation of our website and your shopping choices. The AI tools offered on our website are a feature that powered by experimental artificial intelligence technology that is continuously being developed and improved. AI Tools allow you to enter certain information and receive generated content in response ("AI Response"). By using AI Tools, you acknowledge and agree: to use AI in a responsible manner and in compliance with all applicable laws and our Terms of Use not provide any personal information about you or others, that you are engaging with a Third Party Service that will receive information you provide the AI Tools and that has no affiliation with PacSun other than in connection with making the AI Tools available to you. You acknowledge that when you use the AI Tools, you are subject to the terms and conditions of the Third Party Service, and PacSun is not responsible or liable for your use of the AI Tools or your reliance on any AI Response. that the AI Tools may in some instances provide an AI Response that is inaccurate, inapplicable, or inappropriate. You understand that AI Responses are intended to be suggestions for your consideration only and you agree that you will exercise reasonable discretion and judgment before relying on any AI Response. PacSun makes no representation concerning, and does not guarantee the reliability, appropriateness, completeness, applicability, or accuracy of, any AI Tools or any AI Response. An AI Response does not necessarily represent the opinion, comment, content, or recommendation of PacSun. that PacSun claims no ownership rights in any AI Response, other than with respect to any of our Content that may be referenced in or linked to an AI Response. To the extent you retain any rights in the AI Response, such rights shall be considered User-Generated Content. User Generated Content includes photographs, videos, comments, and other material which you may be permitted to upload or post on our website. If you upload images, videos, post comments or other text, you confirm you are at least 18 years old or have provided us with affirmative consent if you are between 13 and 17 or have provided us with your parent/guardian's written permission, as required by our Collection of Data From Minors section above.
Please report any problems with any AI Tools or any AI Response by contacting PacSun by submitting a Personal Information Request.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Cookies are data files saved to your computer's hard drive when you visit a site. A "session cookie" expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). A "persistent cookie" stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same website at a later date, the cookie information is still available.
Cookies and Opt-Out Preference Signals: We use session and persistent cookies, either directly or through a third-party partner, as well as other tracking technologies (including but not limited to pixel tags and web beacons). These cookies enable us to operate our Services as you have requested, and facilitate your browsing and the use of our Services, so that you enjoy a seamless experience (e.g., we will remember your preferred language and will display the content of our Services accordingly). Please note that we use cookies to carry out traffic and business analytics as well as statistics activities. Our use of these tools enables us to understand how you use our Services and improve them, as well as to provide you with focused advertising.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent and decide if you are willing to accept it or not, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. Additionally, PacSun recognizes Opt-Out Preference Signals, also called Global Privacy Controls. If your browser is one which has this functionality and you have activated this feature, only required cookies will load. However, if you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient, and some of our Services will not function properly.
If you consent to our use of cookies but later wish to opt out, you may do so at any time through your browser settings, which allow you to delete the cookies that have been set and change your browser settings to block all or part of any further cookies.
Tracking TechnologiesWe employ certain tracking technology to ensure that our website functions as it is intended and that you have a positive experience. Most of our trackers are either "strictly necessary" meaning that those are crucial for our website's operation, or "functional" meaning that these enhance our website and remember your preferences on our site. You may opt out of these trackers, but our website may not function properly for you. For a list of our trackers and their purpose, please contact us at privacy@pacsun.com.
Pixels, Web Beacons, Google Analytics, and other technologies: We also work with advertising, marketing, and analytics partners, such as Google, Meta and TikTok. These partners may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our website and elsewhere on the Internet. Web beacons, also called Web Bugs or Pixel tags are a small clear graphic image which is loaded on a web page or an email. It is used to analyze viewing of a webpage or email. These Beacons or Pixels are used for such things as to count on-line ad impressions or to understand the effectiveness of an ad campaign. These also can be used in conjunction with cookies which attach to your device and track your activity across various websites. These technologies record your visit and interaction with our website and other online visits. We use that information to provide measurement services, target and deliver ads, or to serve ads on this or other sites, using information collected through the use of industry standard technologies such as cookies and pixel tags. These partners may receive information about you over time and across different websites when you use our Services. Our corporate affiliates also may receive your personal information when you use our Services.
We may use a third party such as Google Analytics to help us gather and analyze information about the areas visited on our websites (such as the pages visited, time spent, search terms and other engagement data) in order to evaluate and improve the user experience and the site. These third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies. For more information about Google Analytics or to prevent the storage and processing of this data (including your IP address) by Google, you can download and install the browser plug-in available at the following link: website_url_lnk You can also obtain additional information on Google Analytics' data privacy and security at the following links: website_url_lnk
We may use a third party such as Google Analytics to help us gather and analyze information about the areas visited on our websites (such as the pages visited, time spent, search terms and other engagement data) in order to evaluate and improve the user experience and the site. These third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies. For more information about Google Analytics or to prevent the storage and processing of this data (including your IP address) by Google, you can download and install the browser plug-in available at the following link: website_url_lnk You can also obtain additional information on Google Analytics' data privacy and security at the following links: website_url_lnk
We may use Session AI technology to track your activity on our website in order to provide a better experience for you on our website and to provide products that more closely fit your choices. 
We do not track or collect information regarding video content which you may view on our website.
We do not use Session Replay except for the limited internal purpose of troubleshooting and maintaining our website and improving your experience.
Automated-Decision Making Tools
We use automated decision-making tools or processes in order to prevent misuse of our website and to prevent fraud when you purchase via our website. This may lead to a refusal of the transaction. Should you not agree with this refusal, please contact our customer service department.
Personal Mobile Phone Information
Except as necessary to provide you with requested mobile messaging, as required by law, to avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property, we will not disclose your Personal Mobile Phone Information to any persons or entities outside of our company, nor lease, license, rent, transfer, disclose, disseminate or otherwise grant access to such information.
Financial Incentives
Information regarding financial incentives offered by PacSun is provided below. Note that certain US state law requires that PacSun reference specific categories of personal information collected, shared, and sold. PacSun may collect, sell, or share only certain pieces of personal information described in a given category and may not collect, share or sell certain pieces of personal information described in each category.
When you sign up for PacSun Rewards, you agree to receive targeted advertising that is based on your preferences and interests. The benefits you receive for providing your Contact information, name and email address, payment account information, and birthday, include superior pricing, level and selection of goods or services. The following third parties receive your personal data: analytics providers, third-party advertisers, payment processors, and other merchants. Our partner in providing the PacSun Rewards program is Merkle, Inc.
By signing up with their name, email address, postal address, mobile phone number, information regarding shopping tendencies, and a birthdate, members in the PacSun Rewards Program can earn points with every purchase and by completing certain activities. In particular, members can earn 1,250 points and they will receive a $5 reward off their next purchase. Members also receive a $5 reward for signing up.
For additional details please visit: Terms of Use and FAQs
You may opt-in by through a pop-up on our website leading them to a landing page where they can submit their mobile phone number or through in-store signage with use of a "Snap Code" that opens up an online landing page where a resident can submit their mobile phone number. If you opt-out of processing your personal data, you will not receive the benefit of our reward program as PacSun must have you information in order to provide you the services. For more information regarding opt-in a customer can call our customer service number at (877) 372-2786.
You have the right to withdraw from the financial incentive at any time. To do so, you can text STOP to any message from PACSUN, fill out a Personal Information Request form found in the footer of our website: website_url_lnk or call our customer service number at (877) 372-2786.
Value of Consumer Data
PACSUN Rewards Program: $0.24 per record
The expenses related to the collection of the above consumer data consist of labor costs, software costs, and vendor costs. We follow a method that systemically calculates the value of data: identify types of data, segment data sets, assess date quality, determine data demand, analyze business impact, quantify the contributions of consumer data in terms of revenue generation, cost savings or efficiency improvements. We explore different monetization opportunities for consumer data, including third parties, partnerships or enhancements to products and services. Estimate the potential revenue impact, factor in costs and risks and apply valuation models to estimate the value of consumer data.
PACSUN believes that the financial incentives it offers are reasonably related to such consumer data values because PACSUN has learned from previous experience that the expenses are required to collect that consumer data as part of the incentive programs, and the incentive programs help drive consumer sales and revenue.
Online Contests and Sweepstakes
We're always throwing down new, fun online contests and sweepstakes at PACSUN. Enter, you could win!
Most sweepstakes and contests are open to U. S. residents age 13 and older, If you are over this age, but under the age of majority in your state, make sure you get your parent's permission before entering any personal info, as stated in the Collection of Data From Minors above.
To enter a given sweepstakes or contest, you may need to provide certain information to us, including personal information. If you are one of our winners, we'll use this information to contact you. Contest sponsors may utilize your info based on which opt-ins you have selected on the sweepstakes or contest entry pages.
Making Purchases
We guarantee you will only pay for authorized items that you have ordered.
You will have the option of saving certain information, including your personal information, in our system for your convenience with respect to future purchases. The information is stored in the form of a "cookie" in your computer (for additional information regarding cookies, please see above). Even though you need cookies to be enabled to make an online purchase, it is not necessary to save information via cookies if you choose not to.
By registering an account with PACSUN, your checkout will be quicker and more efficient, with easy access to your order history, shipping preferences, wish lists, and special offers. If you're not comfortable shopping online and wish to phone in your order, you are welcome to do so.
Electronic Subscriptions
If you sign up for our electronic subscriptions, you'll be the first to hear about upcoming sales, online exclusive discounts, contests and more. For example, you can sign up to receive our PacSun email newsletter and outlet emails during check-out and in various locations of the Services.
You'll always be able to unsubscribe from these electronic subscriptions, and we have a Contact Preference Center where you can manage these subscriptions so you only get what you're interested in. For more information, please visit our Contact Preference Center or contact us.
Updating Your Information and Preferences
We offer several ways for you to update your information that is obtained and stored by PACSUN, including options to change your account preferences and remove your email from email updates to modify your account information, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section of this Website.
We offer several ways for you to update your information that is obtained and stored by PACSUN, including options to change your account preferences and remove your email from email updates to unsubscribe from electronic updates, please visit the Contact Preference Center, where you can manage your subscriptions so you only get what you're interested in. You also may click an "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of one of our updates or other electronic communications.
We offer several ways for you to update your information that is obtained and stored by PACSUN, including options to change your account preferences and remove your email from email updates european Union and US residents may also review "Rights of European Union Residents" and "US Privacy Options" to understand their rights under the laws of those jurisdictions.
We offer several ways for you to update your information that is obtained and stored by PACSUN, including options to change your account preferences and remove your email from email updates you may also contact us.
Please note that due to email production schedules, after opting out you may receive emails that are already in production.
Contact for Questions About PACSUN Privacy Policy
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Remove Coupon?
Are you sure you want to remove the following coupon from the cart? 
Cancel Yes 