MenuSearch
40% OFF ABSOLUTELY EVERY SINGLE THING*: BF40
40% OFF ABSOLUTELY EVERY SINGLE THING*: BF40
Search
My AccountMy Wishlist
Cart
CYBER MONDAY
NEW IN
CLOTHING
TRENDING
WINTER
DRESSES
TOPS
ATHLEISURE
CO-ORDS
SHOES
ACCESSORIES
BEAUTY
CYBER MONDAY
CYBER MONDAY
View All
£8 & Under
£10 & Under
£20 & Under
£30 & Under
60% Off Or More
70% Off Or More
£10 & Under Basics
£20 & Under Coats & Knits
£20 & Under Party Shop
£20 & Under Winter Warmers
STYLE
40% Off Dresses
40% Off Coats & Jackets
40% Off Shoes
40% Off Knitwear
40% Off Co-ords
40% Off Tops
40% Off Bottoms
TRENDING
40% Off Trends
40% Off Athleisure
40% Off Winter Shop
40% Off Christmas Shop
40% Off Party Shop
40% Off Going Out
FIGURE
40% Off Plus Size
40% Off Petite
40% Off Tall
40% Off Shape
40% Off Maternity
NEW IN
NEW IN
View All
New In Today
NOTHING BUT NEW
Party
PLT Label
New Season
Burgundy Edit
Parisian Girl
Elevated Basics
Out Out
CLOTHING
CLOTHING
View All
Dresses
Tops
Co-ords
Athleisure
Basics
Blazers
Bottoms
Coats & Jackets
Denim
Hoodies
Jeans
Joggers
Jumpsuits
Knitwear
Leggings
Lingerie
Loungewear
Nightwear
Playsuits
Shorts
Skirts
Sweatshirts
Swimwear
Tailoring
Tracksuits
Trousers
PLT RANGES
PLT Sport
The PLT Collection
PLT Plus
PLT Shape
PLT Petite
PLT Tall
PLT Maternity
PLT Label
PLT Premium
WHAT TO WEAR
Going Out Outfits
New Year's Eve
Jeans & A Nice Top
Dinner Outfits
Student Style
Birthday Outfits
Concert Outfits
Airport Outfits
Occasion Wear
Wedding Shop
Day To Night
Bridal
Hen Party
Casual Outfits
Graduation Outfits
Shoppable Instagram
Back In Stock
Sale
THE EDIT
View The Edit
PLT Blog
Brand Ambassadors
A-Z Student Style
PLT Unicorns
TRENDING
YOUR MOST HYPED
Burgundy
Party Season
Day To Night
Faux Fur
Bows
Girly Girl
Timeless
Streetstyle
Leopard
Elevated Basics
WINTER
WINTER
Winter Outfits
Winter Coats & Jackets
Winter Dresses
Tracksuits
Loungewear
Jeans
Winter Skincare
CHRISTMAS
Christmas Shop
Christmas Party Outfits
Christmas Party Dresses
Christmas Day Outfits
Christmas Markets Outfits
Christmas Pyjamas
Christmas Gifts
Stocking Fillers
Christmas Gifts Under £10
COATS & JACKETS
All Coats & Jackets
Faux Leather Jackets
Trench Coats
Bomber Jackets
Puffer Jackets
Aviator Jackets
Faux Fur Coats
Teddy Coats
Wool Coats
KNITWEAR
All Knitwear
Cardigans
Jumpers
Jumper Dresses
Oversized Jumpers
Knitted Co-ords
Knitted Loungewear
Knitted Tops
ACCESSORIES
Winter Accessories
Hats
Scarves & Gloves
Tights
Sunglasses
DRESSES
STYLE
View All Dresses
New In Dresses
Sexy Dresses
Basic Dresses
Blazer Dresses
Bodycon Dresses
Chiffon Dresses
Denim Dresses
Long Sleeve Dresses
Maxi Dresses
Smock Dresses
Midi Dresses
Mini Dresses
Shift Dresses
Shirt Dresses
T-Shirt Dresses
Wrap Dresses
Dresses Under £10
OCCASIONS
Christmas Party Dresses
Bridesmaid Dresses
Cocktail Dresses
Going Out Dresses
Graduation Dresses
Party Dresses
Engagement Dresses
Race Day Dresses
Wedding Guest Dresses
RANGES
The PLT Collection
PLT Petite Dresses
PLT Plus Dresses
PLT Shape Dresses
PLT Tall Dresses
PLT Maternity Dresses
TRENDING
Winter Dresses
Burgundy Dresses
Corset Dresses
Faux Leather Dresses
Jumper Dresses
Lace Dresses
Ruffle Dresses
Satin Dresses
Sequin Dresses
COLOURS
Black Dresses
Black & White Dresses
Blue Dresses
Brown Dresses
Cream Dresses
Gold Dresses
Green Dresses
Grey Dresses
Orange Dresses
Pink Dresses
Purple Dresses
Red Dresses
White Dresses
Yellow Dresses
Nude Dresses
TOPS
STYLE
View All Tops
New In Tops
Essential Tops
Bandeau Tops
Blouses
Bodysuits
Bralets
Cardigans
Cami Tops
Corset Tops
Crop Tops
Jersey Tops
Halter Neck Tops
Hoodies
Jumpers
Long Sleeve Tops
Shirts
Sweatshirts
T-Shirts
Tops Under £6
OCCASIONS
Dressy Tops
Going Out Tops
Jeans & A Nice Top
RANGES
The PLT Collection
PLT Petite Tops
PLT Plus Size Tops
PLT Shape Tops
PLT Tall Tops
PLT Maternity Tops
Basic Tops
TRENDING
Christmas Jumpers
Baby Tees
Graphic Tops
Lace Tops
Oversized T-Shirts
Satin Tops
Sequin Tops
Waistcoats
COLOURS
Black Tops
Blue Tops
Brown Tops
Cream Tops
Green Tops
Grey Tops
Nude Tops
Orange Tops
Pink Tops
Purple Tops
Red Tops
White Tops
Yellow Tops
ATHLEISURE
ATHLEISURE
Shop Athleisure
New In Athleisure
Joggers
Sweatshirts
Hoodies
Elevated Basics
Sculpt
Pilates
Yoga
TRACKSUITS
All Tracksuits
Graphic Tracksuits
Straight Leg Tracksuits
Grey Tracksuits
Black Tracksuits
Blue Tracksuits
Brown Tracksuits
Cream Tracksuits
PLT Tracksuits
ACTIVEWEAR
Gym Wear
Gym Leggings
Seamless Sets
Gym Tops
Gym Shorts
Sports Bras
Sports Jackets
Yoga Pants
FIGURE
Plus Size Gym Wear
Plus Size Tracksuits
Tall Tracksuits
Petite Tracksuits
Maternity Tracksuits
Shape Tracksuits
PLT BRANDED
PrettyLittleThing Tracksuits
Studio Archives
CO-ORDS
STYLE
View All Co-ords
New In Co-ords
Knitted Co-ords
Skirts Co-ords
Trouser Co-ords
Shorts Co-ords
Casual Co-ords
Suits
TRENDING
Going Out Co-ords
Cargo Co-ords
Faux Leather Co-ords
Mesh Co-ords
Occasion Co-ords
Sequin Co-ords
SHOES
BOOTS
All Boots
Cowboy Boots
Ankle Boots
Biker Boots
Black Boots
Heeled Boots
Knee High Boots
Thigh High Boots
Over The Knee Boots
HEELS
All Heels
Block Heels
Courts
Heeled Mules
Heeled Sandals
Lace Up Heels
Platforms
Platform Sandals
Statement Heels
HEEL HEIGHT
Low Heels
Mid Heels
High Heels
FLATS
All Flats
Ballet Flats
Chunky Sandals
Espadrilles
Flat Sandals
Flatform Sandals
Mules
Sliders
Trainers
WIDE FIT
All Wide Fit Shoes
Wide Fit Boots
Wide Fit Heels
Wide Fit Sandals
HEEL COLOUR
Black Heels
Clear Heels
Nude Heels
Pink Heels
Red Heels
Silver Heels
Gold Heels
TRENDING
Burgundy Heels
Metallic Heels & Shoes
Party Shoes
Moon Boots
ACCESSORIES
JEWELLERY
View All Jewellery
Earrings
Necklaces
Rings
Body Jewellery
Bracelets
Anklets
Hoop Earrings
Statement Earrings
BAGS
View All
Clutch Bags
Cross Body Bags
Party Bags
Mini Bags
Shoulder Bags
Tote Bags
SUNGLASSES
View All
Aviator Sunglasses
Cat Eye Sunglasses
Coloured Sunglasses
Oversized Sunglasses
Round Sunglasses
Square Sunglasses
Visor Sunglasses
BELTS
View All
Black Belts
Chain Belts
Faux Leather Belts
Waist Belts
SOFT ACCESSORIES
Hats
Scarves & Gloves
Socks
Tights
Hair Accessories
Headbands
Caps
HOMEWARE
All Homeware
Home Décor
Bedding
Candles
Home Fragrance
Bedroom Accessories
Living Room Accessories
Coffee Table Books
Games
TRENDING
View All Accessories
Winter Essentials
Gold Plated Jewellery
BEAUTY
BEAUTY
New In Beauty
View All Beauty
Makeup
Tanning
Skincare
Body
Hair Care
Fragrance
False Eyelashes
TOP BRANDS
View All Beauty Brands
Filter By Molly-Mae
Made By Mitchell
Peaches & Cream
Beauty Works
NYX
Maybelline
Lullabellz
Bondi Sands
TRENDING
View All
Premium Beauty
Winter Skincare
Christmas Beauty Gifts
Advent Calendars
Soft Glam
Exclusive To PLT
Beauty Promotions
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your Guide to All Things Privacy
All for you
Your data will only be used as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Our promise
You have our word that we'll treat and protect your data.
Straight up
We'll keep you updated with what you need to know.
No small talk
Let us know your preferences, you decide what and how you hear from us.
Just the essentials
We won't keep your data for no reason. If we don't need your data, we'll delete it
Introduction
Protecting your Privacy At PrettyLittleThing.com Limited ('PLT'), we've got your back when it comes to your style and those all-important personal details. Our customers are super important to us, which means protecting our customers by keeping their personal data and information secure at all costs is a main priority. It applies to data collected when you use our websites, iOS and android applications, when you interact with us through social media, email, or phone, or when you participate in our competitions or events. It also applies to the extent that someone has nominated you through our "refer a friend" function or purchased an e-gift card on your behalf.
We know the world of data security can be tricky (and a little zzzz), but we want you to be fully clued up on everything you need to know when it comes to your personal information and how it's used. Consider this your guide to all things privacy related, which covers the following: the personal data we collect
We know the world of data security can be tricky (and a little zzzz), but we want you to be fully clued up on everything you need to know when it comes to your personal information and how it's used. Consider this your guide to all things privacy related, which covers the following: how we collect your data
We know the world of data security can be tricky (and a little zzzz), but we want you to be fully clued up on everything you need to know when it comes to your personal information and how it's used. Consider this your guide to all things privacy related, which covers the following: how we use your data
We know the world of data security can be tricky (and a little zzzz), but we want you to be fully clued up on everything you need to know when it comes to your personal information and how it's used. Consider this your guide to all things privacy related, which covers the following: marketing preferences, adverts and cookies
We know the world of data security can be tricky (and a little zzzz), but we want you to be fully clued up on everything you need to know when it comes to your personal information and how it's used. Consider this your guide to all things privacy related, which covers the following: links to other websites and third parties
We know the world of data security can be tricky (and a little zzzz), but we want you to be fully clued up on everything you need to know when it comes to your personal information and how it's used. Consider this your guide to all things privacy related, which covers the following: how we share your data
We know the world of data security can be tricky (and a little zzzz), but we want you to be fully clued up on everything you need to know when it comes to your personal information and how it's used. Consider this your guide to all things privacy related, which covers the following: your rights
We know the world of data security can be tricky (and a little zzzz), but we want you to be fully clued up on everything you need to know when it comes to your personal information and how it's used. Consider this your guide to all things privacy related, which covers the following: changes to this privacy notice
We know the world of data security can be tricky (and a little zzzz), but we want you to be fully clued up on everything you need to know when it comes to your personal information and how it's used. Consider this your guide to all things privacy related, which covers the following: how to contact us
Who is PLT
PLT is a leading online fashion retail company known for taking over your social media feeds with our killer looks and next-level aesthetic that'll have you double tapping. We design, source, market and sell clothing, shoes, accessories and beauty products to consumers in almost every country in the world.
PrettyLittleThing.com Limited (registered number: 7352417) of 49-51 Dale Street, Manchester, M1 2HF (collectively referred to as "PLT", "we", "us" and "our" in this Privacy Policy) is the controller and responsible for your personal data collected through the website_url_lnk website (the "website"), website_url_lnk (the "marketplace") (together, the "websites"), PLT app (the "app") and PLT Marketplace app (the "Marketplace app").
Details of our Data Protection Officer responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice, and our details are set out in the "Say Hey and Contact Us" section at the end of this notice.
Our commitment to you
We take the protection of your personal data seriously and will process your personal data fairly, lawfully and transparently. 
We will only collect and use your personal data for the following purposes, to: fulfil your orders
We will only collect and use your personal data for the following purposes, to: fulfil orders made on your behalf (e.g. e-gift card orders)
We will only collect and use your personal data for the following purposes, to: keep you up to date with the latest offers and trends
We will only collect and use your personal data for the following purposes, to: give you a better shopping experience
We will only collect and use your personal data for the following purposes, to: help us to make our marketing more relevant to you and your interests
We will only collect and use your personal data for the following purposes, to: improve our services
We will only collect and use your personal data for the following purposes, to: meet our legal responsibilities
How we keep your data safe and secure
We have appropriate organisational safeguards and security measures in place to protect your data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
The communication between your browser and our website uses a secure encrypted connection wherever your personal data is involved.
We require any third party who is contracted to process your personal data on our behalf to have security measures in place to protect your data and to treat such data in accordance with the law.
In the unfortunate event of a personal data breach, we will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are legally required to do so.
The personal data we collect
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include anonymised data, where the identity and identifying information has been removed.
While our website is designed for a general audience, we will not knowingly collect any data from children under the age of 13 or sell products to children. If you are under the age of 13, you are not permitted to use or submit your data to the website.
The following groups of personal data are collected: identity Data includes information such as: first name, last name, title, date of birth, occupation, personal description, photo and gender.
The following groups of personal data are collected: contact Data includes information such as: email address, billing address, delivery address, location, country, telephone number, loyalty programme membership number, and social media id (if you log in by social media).
The following groups of personal data are collected: financial Data includes information such as: payment card details and bank account.
The following groups of personal data are collected: transaction Data includes information such as: details of your purchases and the fulfilment of your orders (such as basket number, order number, subtotal, title, currency, discounts, shipping, number of items, product number, single item price, category, tax etc.); payments to and from you and details of other products and services you have obtained from us, correspondence or communications with you in respect of your orders, and details of any rewards and bonuses awarded.
The following groups of personal data are collected: technical Data includes information such as: details of the devices you use to access our services, your internet protocol address, login data, your username and password, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
The following groups of personal data are collected: profile Data includes information such as: purchases or orders made by you, product and style interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses.
The following groups of personal data are collected: usage Data includes information such as: how and when you use our website/app, how you moved around it, what you searched for; website/app performance statistics, traffic, location, weblogs and other communication data; loyalty programme activities; and details of any other PLT products and services used by you.
The following groups of personal data are collected: marketing and Communications Data includes information such as: your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
How we get your info
Most of the data we collect is provided by you, the customer, when you're engaging with us and our brand in the following ways: direct interactions, you may give us your Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction, Profile, and Marketing and Communications data by filling in forms, entering information online or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, telephone or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide, for example, when you: create an account or purchase products on our website.
Most of the data we collect is provided by you, the customer, when you're engaging with us and our brand in the following ways: direct interactions, you may give us your Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction, Profile, and Marketing and Communications data by filling in forms, entering information online or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, telephone or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide, for example, when you: subscribe to our newsletter, discussion boards, social media sites or create wish lists.
Most of the data we collect is provided by you, the customer, when you're engaging with us and our brand in the following ways: direct interactions, you may give us your Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction, Profile, and Marketing and Communications data by filling in forms, entering information online or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, telephone or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide, for example, when you: enter a competition.
Most of the data we collect is provided by you, the customer, when you're engaging with us and our brand in the following ways: direct interactions, you may give us your Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction, Profile, and Marketing and Communications data by filling in forms, entering information online or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, telephone or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide, for example, when you: join a PLT loyalty programme.
Most of the data we collect is provided by you, the customer, when you're engaging with us and our brand in the following ways: direct interactions, you may give us your Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction, Profile, and Marketing and Communications data by filling in forms, entering information online or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, telephone or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide, for example, when you: complete a voluntary market research survey.
Most of the data we collect is provided by you, the customer, when you're engaging with us and our brand in the following ways: direct interactions, you may give us your Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction, Profile, and Marketing and Communications data by filling in forms, entering information online or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, telephone or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide, for example, when you: contact us with an enquiry or to report a problem (by phone, email, social media, or messaging service).
Most of the data we collect is provided by you, the customer, when you're engaging with us and our brand in the following ways: direct interactions, you may give us your Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction, Profile, and Marketing and Communications data by filling in forms, entering information online or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, telephone or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide, for example, when you: use the "refer a friend" function on our website; or
Most of the data we collect is provided by you, the customer, when you're engaging with us and our brand in the following ways: direct interactions, you may give us your Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction, Profile, and Marketing and Communications data by filling in forms, entering information online or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, telephone or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide, for example, when you: when you log in to our website via social media.
Automated technologies or interactions, as you interact with our website, we may automatically collect the following types of data (all as described above): Technical Data about your equipment, Usage Data about your browsing actions and patterns, and Contact Data where tasks carried out via our website remain uncompleted, such as incomplete orders or abandoned baskets. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. Please see our Cookie section for further details.
Third parties, we may receive personal data about you from various third parties, including identity and Contact data from another individual when they purchase an e-gift card for you or use the "refer a friend" function on our website.
Third parties, we may receive personal data about you from various third parties, including technical Data from third parties, including analytics providers such as Google. Please see further information in the section entitled 'Marketing preferences, adverts and cookies'.
Third parties, we may receive personal data about you from various third parties, including technical Data from affiliate networks through whom you have accessed our website.
Third parties, we may receive personal data about you from various third parties, including identity and Contact Data from social media platforms when you log in to our website using such social media platforms.
Third parties, we may receive personal data about you from various third parties, including identity and Contact data from third parties, including organisations (including law enforcement agencies), associations and groups, who share data for the purposes of fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction; and
Third parties, we may receive personal data about you from various third parties, including contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services.
How we use your data
The legal basis for processing your personal data
We will only collect and process your personal data where we have a legal basis to do so. As a data controller, the legal basis for our collection and use of your personal data varies depending on the manner and purpose for which we collected it.
We will only collect personal data from you when we have your consent to do so, or
We will only collect personal data from you when we need your personal data to perform a contract with you. For example, to process a payment from you, fulfil your order or provide customer support connected with an order, or
We will only collect personal data from you when the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or
We will only collect personal data from you when we have a legal obligation to collect or disclose personal data from you.
Uses made of your personal data
Your personal data is used by PLT to support a range of different activities. These are listed in the table below together with the types of data used and the legal basis we rely on when processing them, including where appropriate, our legitimate interests. Please be aware that we may process your personal data using more than one lawful basis, depending on the specific activity involved. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity. Type of data. Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest 
To create an account and register you as a new customer (either directly or via social media).. 
Identity
Contact
Consent 
To process and deliver your order including: recording your order details; keeping you informed about the order status; process payments and refunds, collect money owed to us; and 
to protect our customers, boohoo group companies and website from fraud and theft, which involves automated decision making to assist such fraud prevention and detection.. 
Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Performance of a contract with you 
We consider that fraud detection and prevention (including the use of automated decision making) is in our legitimate interests to ensure that fraudulent transactors are unable to benefit from our services and in the legitimate interest of the public as whole due to the impact of fraud on the consumer market; we also consider it a necessary element of entering into a contract with you that we are able to verify your identity and prevent fraud. 
To manage our relationship with you, including: providing you with any information, products and services that you request from us; 
notifying you about changes to our services, terms and conditions or privacy notice; 
asking you to leave a review or take a survey.. 
Identity
Contact
Financial
Marketing Communications
Consent 
Performance of a contract with you 
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products and improve our services) 
To enable you to take part in a competition, event, or receive a reward for shopping with us.. 
Identity
Contact
Profile
Consent 
To enable you to take part in a competition, event, or receive a reward for shopping with us.. 
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Where you have decided to enter into a competition or event, for the performance of a contract with you 
To administer, protect and improve our business and our website/app, including: troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, data analysis, reporting and hosting of data; setting default options for you, such as language and currency.. 
Identity
Contact
Profile
Technical
Transaction
Marketing and Communications
Consent 
To deliver relevant website content, online advertisements and information for you; and measure the effectiveness of the advertising provided.. 
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Consent 
To use data analytics to: improve our website, products, services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences; and for market research, statistical and survey purposes.. 
Technical
Usage
Consent 
To use data analytics to: improve our website, products, services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences; and for market research, statistical and survey purposes.. 
Technical
Usage
Consent 
To recommend products, services discounts and offers that may be of interest to you, including to send you such information by email, post or SMS.. 
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
Marketing and Communications
Consent
See further details in the section 'Marketing preferences, adverts and cookies' 
To inform or remind you by email of any task carried out via our website which remains uncompleted, such as incomplete orders or abandoned baskets.. 
Identity
Contact
Usage
Consent 
To process and deliver your e-gift card orders including taking payment and communicating with you and the nominated recipient if delivered to another person.. 
Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Performance of a contract 
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we wish to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. We may process personal data without your consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
If you have any questions about how PLT use any of your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at DPO@boohoo.com.
Keeping your info on file
When it comes to keeping your details on file, we basically hold your personal data for as long as you have an account with us.
When it comes to keeping your details on file, we basically hold your personal data for as long as it is needed to provide services to you.
When it comes to keeping your details on file, we basically hold your personal data for as long as it is necessary in order to produce support related activities.
In certain cases, we may keep hold of some of your information after you have closed your account, or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you. This type of situation may arise if your details are needed to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions.
Marketing Preferences
We may send you marketing communications and promotional offers if you have opened an account with us or purchased goods from us, or registered for a promotion or event, and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing (in accordance with your preferences, as explained below).
We may send you marketing communications and promotional offers by email if you have signed up for email newsletters.
We may send you marketing communications and promotional offers if you have provided us with your details when you entered a competition and you have consented to receiving such marketing (in accordance with your preferences, as explained below).
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Transactional, Usage, Profile Data and Marketing and Communications Data to form a view on what we think you may like, or what may be of interest to you, and to send you details of products and offers which may be relevant for you.
We will ask you for your preferences in relation to receiving marketing communications by email, post, SMS and other communication channels.
From time to time we may also include with your order, inserts advertising goods, services or offers from other third-party companies that you may be interested in.
In respect of third party marketing communications, we will obtain your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
You will always have full control of your marketing preferences. If you do not wish to continue receiving marketing information from us (or any third party, if applicable) at any time you can unsubscribe or 'opt-out' by using the unsubscribe button and following the link included in the footer of any marketing email; 
You will always have full control of your marketing preferences. If you do not wish to continue receiving marketing information from us (or any third party, if applicable) at any time account holders may withdraw their consent by simply logging in to My Account and editing your 'Contact Preferences'.
We will process all opt-out requests as soon as possible, but please note that due to the nature of our IT systems and servers it may take a few days for any opt-out request to be implemented.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website and to keep track of your visits. They help us to provide you with the very best experience when you browse our website and to make improvements to our website. They also help us and our advertising networks to make advertising relevant to you and your interests.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our website may become inaccessible or not function properly. Want more info on cookies? Get clued up here.
Advertising
We're pretty big on putting ourselves and our brand out there to keep our customers up to date on our goings on and latest product offering. We do this through advertising. With this, we look to target you, the customer, with our banners and adverts, even when you're using other websites and services not associated with us.
Like many companies, we may target PLT banners and ads to you when you use other websites and apps, based on your Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data. We do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges, and a range of advertising technologies such as web beacons, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and mobile identifiers, as well as specific services offered by some sites and social networks, such as Facebook's Custom Audience Service.
Our use of analysis & targeting tools
We use a range of analytics and targeted advertising tools to display relevant website content on our website and online advertisements on other websites and apps (as described above) to you, deliver relevant content to you in marketing communications (where applicable), and to measure the effectiveness of the advertising provided. For example, we use tools such as Google Analytics to analyse Google's interest-based advertising data and third-party audience data (such as age, marital status, life event, gender and interests) to target and improve our marketing campaigns, marketing strategies and website content.
Google will use data for ad personalisation when a customer provides consent. Please see Google's Privacy & Terms site which provides further detail as to how google uses your personal data.
We may also use tools provided by other third parties, such as Facebook, Tik Tok, Adroll, Emarsys, Conversant and Bing to perform similar tasks, using your Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data.
In order to opt out of targeted advertising you need to disable your 'cookies' in your browser settings or opt-out of the relevant third-party Ad Settings.
The Digital Advertising Alliance (which includes companies such as Google, Responsys and Facebook) provides a tool called WebChoices that can perform a quick scan of your computer or mobile devices, find out which participating companies have enabled customised ads for your browser, and adjust your browser preferences accordingly.
If you would like any further information about the data collected by these third parties or the way in which the data is used, please contact us.
Links to other websites and third parties
Our website may include links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates, or to social media platforms. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to their websites.
How we share your data
We may disclose and share your personal data with the parties set out below where you have consented for us to do so. For example, if you have consented to receive marketing materials from third parties, or in respect of third parties' (including co-branded or jointly promoted) products and services, we may pass your data on to the relevant third parties for the purpose of sending you such marketing communications.
We may disclose and share your personal data with the parties set out below to business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors and other third parties that we use in connection with the running of our business for the purposes set out in the table above in the section 'How we use your data', such as third party service providers that we engage to provide IT systems and software, and to host our website.
We may disclose and share your personal data with the parties set out below to business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors and other third parties that we use in connection with the running of our business for the purposes set out in the table above in the section 'How we use your data', such as third party payment processing services (including Worldpay, Adyen, Paypal, and in certain regions, Klarna, Laybuy and Clearpay (please see T&C's Klarna / Clearpay / Laybuy for more information) to process your payment to us. PLT does not store your payment information. Your payment details are provided to the payment processing service you have selected, who are required to comply with applicable regulations and data protection laws. Please refer to the privacy policy of the relevant provider for details of how they process your personal data.
We may disclose and share your personal data with the parties set out below to business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors and other third parties that we use in connection with the running of our business for the purposes set out in the table above in the section 'How we use your data', such as services and to provide marketing and advertising services.
We may disclose and share your personal data with the parties set out below to business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors and other third parties that we use in connection with the running of our business for the purposes set out in the table above in the section 'How we use your data', such as third party service providers that we engage to deliver and process your e-gift card orders and e-gift card payment.
We may disclose and share your personal data with the parties set out below to business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors and other third parties that we use in connection with the running of our business for the purposes set out in the table above in the section 'How we use your data', such as third party service providers that we engage to deliver goods you have ordered and to manage any returns.
We may disclose and share your personal data with the parties set out below to business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors and other third parties that we use in connection with the running of our business for the purposes set out in the table above in the section 'How we use your data', such as third party service providers that we engage to send emails and postal mail on our behalf including in relation to incomplete orders or abandoned baskets, or marketing communications, to provide data cleansing services and to provide marketing and advertising services.
We may disclose and share your personal data with the parties set out below to business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors and other third parties that we use in connection with the running of our business for the purposes set out in the table above in the section 'How we use your data', such as analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our website.
We may disclose and share your personal data with the parties set out below to business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors and other third parties that we use in connection with the running of our business for the purposes set out in the table above in the section 'How we use your data', such as affiliate networks through whom you have accessed our website.
affiliate networks through whom you have accessed our website.
to any third party to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
to protect our customers, boohoo group companies and website from fraud and theft, we may share personal data that is required to make identity checks and personal data that we obtain from making identity checks (including data relating to your age, name and location), together with account information, with other boohoo group companies and with third party organisations (including law enforcement agencies), involved in fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction. Please note that the other boohoo group companies and these third parties may retain a record of the information that we provide to them for this purpose.
we may share your personal data with Ravelin and Risk Management and other fraud prevention and analysis service providers, in order to carry out fraud prevention checks on our behalf. If personal data is provided to Ravelin, Ravelin will also use this personal data to improve its service and machine learning to improve its automated processing. A copy of Ravelin's privacy notice can be found at: ravelin.com which explains how Ravelin will use your personal data for these purposes; and
we may further share personal data that is required to make identity checks and personal data that we obtain from making identity checks (including data relating to your age, name and location), together with account information, with organisations (including law enforcement agencies), involved in fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction. Please note that these third parties may retain a record of the information that we provide to them for this purpose.
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation; or 
to our professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Worldpay
Worldpay are the data controller in respect of the Personal Information that you give to them (and which they hold about you) when you sign up for, access, or use services, features, technologies or functions offered on the Worldpay website (including when using Worldpay to pay for goods or services offered on the PLT website) and in relation to Personal Information collected during the course of business as set out in their Privacy Policy which can be found on their website at worldpay.com
Your data and countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA)
The personal data we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, destinations outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") using legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. We will take all steps necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy notice.
Whenever we transfer personal data outside the EEA, we will ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring appropriate safeguards, as required by law, are in place. This may include using specific contractual clauses approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection as it has in Europe. More information about these is available here
Please contact us if you want further information on the countries to which we may transfer personal data and the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data outside the EEA.
Your rights
When it comes to your personal data, you have a lot of rights. These include the right to be informed about how your personal data is being used by companies.
When it comes to your personal data, you have a lot of rights. These include the right to access the personal data we hold about you.
When it comes to your personal data, you have a lot of rights. These include the right to request the correction of inaccurate personal data we hold about you.
When it comes to your personal data, you have a lot of rights. These include the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data
When it comes to your personal data, you have a lot of rights. These include the right to withdraw your consent where you have previously provided us with it
When it comes to your personal data, you have a lot of rights. These include the right to request that we transfer elements of your personal data either to you or another service provider.
When it comes to your personal data, you have a lot of rights. These include the right to object to processing of your personal data
When it comes to your personal data, you have a lot of rights. These include the right to request human intervention for automated decision-making.
When it comes to your personal data, you have a lot of rights. These include the right to lodge a complaint.
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint to make, or just have a question for us, get in touch by emailing us at DPO@boohoo.com.
Request access to your personal data 
You have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data we hold about you and certain information relating to our processing of your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data 
You are entitled to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete. You can update your personal data at any time by logging into your account and updating your details directly, or by emailing us at DPO@boohoo.com.
Request erasure of your personal data 
This enables you to request that PLT delete your personal data, where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data 
You have a right to ask PLT to suspend the processing of your personal data in certain scenarios, for example if you want us to establish the accuracy of the data, or you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Where processing is restricted, we are allowed to retain sufficient information about you to ensure that the restriction is respected in future.
Request the transfer of your personal data 
You have the right to obtain a digital copy of your personal data or request the transfer of your personal data to another company. Please note though that this right only applies to automated data which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the data to perform a contract with you.
Object to processing of your personal data 
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where we believe we have a legitimate interest in processing it (as explained above). You also have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your data which override your rights and freedoms.
Request human intervention for automated decision making and profiling 
You have the right to request human intervention where we are carrying out automated decision making when processing your personal data. This form of processing is permitted where it is necessary as part of our contract with you, providing that appropriate safeguards are in place or your explicit consent has been obtained.
We will try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally, it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to exercise any of the above rights. This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Right to lodge a complaint 
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding the way in which we process your data, please email us directly at DPO@boohoo.com. You also have the right to make a complaint to the ICO (the data protection regulator in the UK), or (if you are located in the European Union) any other competent supervisory authority in your country of residence (a list of supervisory authorities can be found here: website_url_lnk We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, or any other supervisory authority so please do contact us in the first instance.
Representative in the EU 
For supervisory authorities and customers located in the European Union, if you have any questions about our privacy notice or the information we hold about you, please feel free to contact us by email at: eudataprotection@boohoo.com.
Changes to our privacy policy
From time to time we may change this privacy notice. If there are any significant changes we will post updates on our website, applications or let you know by email.
Say hey and contact us
Our customers are super important to us so feel free to hit us up with any questions, comments or requests you have about your data by contacting our nominated representative and Data Protection Officer at DPO@prettylittlething.com.
If you are a California resident, please click here for more information about your specific privacy rights.
PrettyLittleThing.com Limited,
Registered Company Number: 07352417,
UK VAT Number: 100 5694 47
Let Us Help You
Help
Returns
Size Guide
Delivery
Royalty
Gift Cards
Gift Cards FAQ
Clearpay
Klarna
PayPal
About Us
About Us
Giving Back
Diversity
Careers
Students & Graduates
Essential Workers Discount
Become An Affiliate
App Info
Modern Slavery Statement
PLT Marketplace
Information
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
My Account
Order History
Track My Order
My Wishlist
Refer A Friend
View Bag
Connect with PLT
Apple Store QR Code
Google Play QR Code
Prettylittlething 2024