MenuSearch
40% OFF ABSOLUTELY EVERY SINGLE THING*: BF40
40% OFF ABSOLUTELY EVERY SINGLE THING*: BF40
Search
My AccountMy Wishlist
Cart
CYBER MONDAY
NEW IN
CLOTHING
TRENDING
WINTER
DRESSES
TOPS
ATHLEISURE
CO-ORDS
SHOES
ACCESSORIES
BEAUTY
CYBER MONDAY
CYBER MONDAY
View All
£8 & Under
£10 & Under
£20 & Under
£30 & Under
60% Off Or More
70% Off Or More
£10 & Under Basics
£20 & Under Coats & Knits
£20 & Under Party Shop
£20 & Under Winter Warmers
STYLE
40% Off Dresses
40% Off Coats & Jackets
40% Off Shoes
40% Off Knitwear
40% Off Co-ords
40% Off Tops
40% Off Bottoms
TRENDING
40% Off Trends
40% Off Athleisure
40% Off Winter Shop
40% Off Christmas Shop
40% Off Party Shop
40% Off Going Out
FIGURE
40% Off Plus Size
40% Off Petite
40% Off Tall
40% Off Shape
40% Off Maternity
NEW IN
NEW IN
View All
New In Today
NOTHING BUT NEW
Party
PLT Label
New Season
Burgundy Edit
Parisian Girl
Elevated Basics
Out Out
CLOTHING
CLOTHING
View All
Dresses
Tops
Co-ords
Athleisure
Basics
Blazers
Bottoms
Coats & Jackets
Denim
Hoodies
Jeans
Joggers
Jumpsuits
Knitwear
Leggings
Lingerie
Loungewear
Nightwear
Playsuits
Shorts
Skirts
Sweatshirts
Swimwear
Tailoring
Tracksuits
Trousers
PLT RANGES
PLT Sport
The PLT Collection
PLT Plus
PLT Shape
PLT Petite
PLT Tall
PLT Maternity
PLT Label
PLT Premium
WHAT TO WEAR
Going Out Outfits
New Year's Eve
Jeans & A Nice Top
Dinner Outfits
Student Style
Birthday Outfits
Concert Outfits
Airport Outfits
Occasion Wear
Wedding Shop
Day To Night
Bridal
Hen Party
Casual Outfits
Graduation Outfits
Shoppable Instagram
Back In Stock
Sale
THE EDIT
View The Edit
PLT Blog
Brand Ambassadors
A-Z Student Style
PLT Unicorns
TRENDING
YOUR MOST HYPED
Burgundy
Party Season
Day To Night
Faux Fur
Bows
Girly Girl
Timeless
Streetstyle
Leopard
Elevated Basics
WINTER
WINTER
Winter Outfits
Winter Coats & Jackets
Winter Dresses
Tracksuits
Loungewear
Jeans
Winter Skincare
CHRISTMAS
Christmas Shop
Christmas Party Outfits
Christmas Party Dresses
Christmas Day Outfits
Christmas Markets Outfits
Christmas Pyjamas
Christmas Gifts
Stocking Fillers
Christmas Gifts Under £10
COATS & JACKETS
All Coats & Jackets
Faux Leather Jackets
Trench Coats
Bomber Jackets
Puffer Jackets
Aviator Jackets
Faux Fur Coats
Teddy Coats
Wool Coats
KNITWEAR
All Knitwear
Cardigans
Jumpers
Jumper Dresses
Oversized Jumpers
Knitted Co-ords
Knitted Loungewear
Knitted Tops
ACCESSORIES
Winter Accessories
Hats
Scarves & Gloves
Tights
Sunglasses
DRESSES
STYLE
View All Dresses
New In Dresses
Sexy Dresses
Basic Dresses
Blazer Dresses
Bodycon Dresses
Chiffon Dresses
Denim Dresses
Long Sleeve Dresses
Maxi Dresses
Smock Dresses
Midi Dresses
Mini Dresses
Shift Dresses
Shirt Dresses
T-Shirt Dresses
Wrap Dresses
Dresses Under £10
OCCASIONS
Christmas Party Dresses
Bridesmaid Dresses
Cocktail Dresses
Going Out Dresses
Graduation Dresses
Party Dresses
Engagement Dresses
Race Day Dresses
Wedding Guest Dresses
RANGES
The PLT Collection
PLT Petite Dresses
PLT Plus Dresses
PLT Shape Dresses
PLT Tall Dresses
PLT Maternity Dresses
TRENDING
Winter Dresses
Burgundy Dresses
Corset Dresses
Faux Leather Dresses
Jumper Dresses
Lace Dresses
Ruffle Dresses
Satin Dresses
Sequin Dresses
COLOURS
Black Dresses
Black & White Dresses
Blue Dresses
Brown Dresses
Cream Dresses
Gold Dresses
Green Dresses
Grey Dresses
Orange Dresses
Pink Dresses
Purple Dresses
Red Dresses
White Dresses
Yellow Dresses
Nude Dresses
TOPS
STYLE
View All Tops
New In Tops
Essential Tops
Bandeau Tops
Blouses
Bodysuits
Bralets
Cardigans
Cami Tops
Corset Tops
Crop Tops
Jersey Tops
Halter Neck Tops
Hoodies
Jumpers
Long Sleeve Tops
Shirts
Sweatshirts
T-Shirts
Tops Under £6
OCCASIONS
Dressy Tops
Going Out Tops
Jeans & A Nice Top
RANGES
The PLT Collection
PLT Petite Tops
PLT Plus Size Tops
PLT Shape Tops
PLT Tall Tops
PLT Maternity Tops
Basic Tops
TRENDING
Christmas Jumpers
Baby Tees
Graphic Tops
Lace Tops
Oversized T-Shirts
Satin Tops
Sequin Tops
Waistcoats
COLOURS
Black Tops
Blue Tops
Brown Tops
Cream Tops
Green Tops
Grey Tops
Nude Tops
Orange Tops
Pink Tops
Purple Tops
Red Tops
White Tops
Yellow Tops
ATHLEISURE
ATHLEISURE
Shop Athleisure
New In Athleisure
Joggers
Sweatshirts
Hoodies
Elevated Basics
Sculpt
Pilates
Yoga
TRACKSUITS
All Tracksuits
Graphic Tracksuits
Straight Leg Tracksuits
Grey Tracksuits
Black Tracksuits
Blue Tracksuits
Brown Tracksuits
Cream Tracksuits
PLT Tracksuits
ACTIVEWEAR
Gym Wear
Gym Leggings
Seamless Sets
Gym Tops
Gym Shorts
Sports Bras
Sports Jackets
Yoga Pants
FIGURE
Plus Size Gym Wear
Plus Size Tracksuits
Tall Tracksuits
Petite Tracksuits
Maternity Tracksuits
Shape Tracksuits
PLT BRANDED
PrettyLittleThing Tracksuits
Studio Archives
CO-ORDS
STYLE
View All Co-ords
New In Co-ords
Knitted Co-ords
Skirts Co-ords
Trouser Co-ords
Shorts Co-ords
Casual Co-ords
Suits
TRENDING
Going Out Co-ords
Cargo Co-ords
Faux Leather Co-ords
Mesh Co-ords
Occasion Co-ords
Sequin Co-ords
SHOES
BOOTS
All Boots
Cowboy Boots
Ankle Boots
Biker Boots
Black Boots
Heeled Boots
Knee High Boots
Thigh High Boots
Over The Knee Boots
HEELS
All Heels
Block Heels
Courts
Heeled Mules
Heeled Sandals
Lace Up Heels
Platforms
Platform Sandals
Statement Heels
HEEL HEIGHT
Low Heels
Mid Heels
High Heels
FLATS
All Flats
Ballet Flats
Chunky Sandals
Espadrilles
Flat Sandals
Flatform Sandals
Mules
Sliders
Trainers
WIDE FIT
All Wide Fit Shoes
Wide Fit Boots
Wide Fit Heels
Wide Fit Sandals
HEEL COLOUR
Black Heels
Clear Heels
Nude Heels
Pink Heels
Red Heels
Silver Heels
Gold Heels
TRENDING
Burgundy Heels
Metallic Heels & Shoes
Party Shoes
Moon Boots
ACCESSORIES
JEWELLERY
View All Jewellery
Earrings
Necklaces
Rings
Body Jewellery
Bracelets
Anklets
Hoop Earrings
Statement Earrings
BAGS
View All
Clutch Bags
Cross Body Bags
Party Bags
Mini Bags
Shoulder Bags
Tote Bags
SUNGLASSES
View All
Aviator Sunglasses
Cat Eye Sunglasses
Coloured Sunglasses
Oversized Sunglasses
Round Sunglasses
Square Sunglasses
Visor Sunglasses
BELTS
View All
Black Belts
Chain Belts
Faux Leather Belts
Waist Belts
SOFT ACCESSORIES
Hats
Scarves & Gloves
Socks
Tights
Hair Accessories
Headbands
Caps
HOMEWARE
All Homeware
Home Décor
Bedding
Candles
Home Fragrance
Bedroom Accessories
Living Room Accessories
Coffee Table Books
Games
TRENDING
View All Accessories
Winter Essentials
Gold Plated Jewellery
BEAUTY
BEAUTY
New In Beauty
View All Beauty
Makeup
Tanning
Skincare
Body
Hair Care
Fragrance
False Eyelashes
TOP BRANDS
View All Beauty Brands
Filter By Molly-Mae
Made By Mitchell
Peaches & Cream
Beauty Works
NYX
Maybelline
Lullabellz
Bondi Sands
TRENDING
View All
Premium Beauty
Winter Skincare
Christmas Beauty Gifts
Advent Calendars
Soft Glam
Exclusive To PLT
Beauty Promotions
Home
Terms And Conditions For The Supply Of Products
Terms And Conditions For The Supply Of Products
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms and conditions on which We sell any of the products listed on our website
You should print a copy of these terms and conditions for future reference.
Using this Website indicates that you accept these terms and conditions together with our Privacy Policy, regardless of whether or not you choose to register with us. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, do not use this Website.
1 IMPORTANT LEGAL NOTICE
These are the legal terms and conditions under which we supply the products ("Products") listed on our website website_url_lnk ("our site") to you. Please read these terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") carefully before ordering any Products from our site. By placing an order to purchase any of our Products you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions together with our Website Terms of Use, our Privacy Notice and our Returns Policy regardless of whether or not you choose to register with us. These Terms and Conditions tell you who we are, how we will provide Products to you, how you and we may change or end the contract, what to do if there is a problem and other important information.
2 INFORMATION ABOUT US
website_url_lnk is operated by Prettylittlething.com Limited ("we" "us" "our"). We are a company registered in England and Wales under company number 07352417 and with our registered office at 49/51 Dale Street, Manchester, England M1 2HF. Our UK VAT number is 100 5694 47. Our email address is customer.services@prettylittlething.com
3 PRODUCTS
The images of the Products on our site and in our other advertising materials are for illustrative purposes only. Your Products may vary slightly from those images. Although we have made every effort to display and print the colours of the Products accurately, we cannot guarantee that your device or computer's display of the pictures, or the pictures in our other advertising materials, accurately reflect the colours of the Products that will be delivered to you. The Products may vary slightly from these images.
Whilst we take reasonable care to ensure accuracy, all sizing and measurements of Products detailed on our site are approximate. We cannot guarantee that all details are always accurate, complete, or error free.
All our Products are sold on the basis that they are suitable for domestic and private use only. As such, none of our Products are intended for use in connection with any business purpose.
Please note that Products on our site are not aimed at persons aged under 16 and may be unsuitable for persons under this age group.
4 PRODUCT AVAILABILITY
Some restrictions are placed on the extent to which we accept orders from specific countries. These restrictions can be found on our "Deliveries" page here.
If we are unable to accept your order, we will inform you of this and will not charge you for the Products. This may happen in circumstances, including (but not limited to) where the Products is/are out of stock, because of unexpected limits on our resources which we could not reasonably plan for, or because we have identified an error in the price or description of the Products.
We may make changes to these Terms and Conditions from time to time. The Terms and Conditions that apply to your Contract will be those that are displayed on our site when you place your order.
5 YOUR STATUS
You may only purchase Products from us if
you are legally capable of entering into a binding contract with us.
you are an authorised user of the credit or debit card or payment account (ie PayPal, Clearpay, Klarna or Laybuy) used to pay for your order; and,
you are placing an order for delivery in a country that we deliver to (please see our "Deliveries" page here for further information).
6 HOW THE CONTRACT IS FORMED BETWEEN YOU AND US
Once you have placed your order, you should receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order (but please contact us if you do not receive this e-mail). Please note this does not mean that your order has been accepted or that a contract has been formed between you and us. All orders are subject to availability and acceptance by us (which we may refuse for any reason).
After you submit your order, we immediately contact your bank or card issuer for authorisation to take payment from your account. We will not process your order until payment has been received in full. If we accept your order we will confirm this to you by sending you a further e-mail ("Dispatch Confirmation") confirming the Product is being processed ready for dispatch at which point the contract between you and us ("Contract") will be formed.
As soon as you place your order, we start to process your order which means you will not be able to change it before delivery, but you may be able to return your Products or cancel this Contract under clause 10 of these Terms and Conditions or under our Returns Policy.
From time to time we may make minor changes to a Product to reflect changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements.
These Terms and Conditions, and any Contract between us, are only in the English language. Please note that we may not necessarily keep a copy of your Contract. You should keep a copy of these Terms and Conditions and your order for future reference.
7 DELIVERY
We will seek to fulfil your order by the delivery date set out in the Dispatch Confirmation or, if no delivery date is specified, then as soon as reasonably possible (depending on the delivery service you have selected). In any event, delivery will take place no more than 30 days after the day your Contract is entered into.
If no one is available at your address to take delivery and the Products cannot be posted through your letterbox or left in a safe place and if you do not collect the Products from an address notified to you by our carrier within the time period notified to you by our carrier at the time delivery is attempted, we may end the Contract and clause 10 will apply.
Delivery of your order will be complete when we deliver the Products to the address you gave us and the Products will be your responsibility from that time.
If you check out using your bank details, PayPal, or Apple Pay, you will own the Products once we have received payment in full. However, when you check-out using a payment instalment method, e.g. through a finance provider such as Klarna Clearpay or LayBuy, then alternative terms will apply to you, further information on this is set out in clause 8 below.
Please note postcode restrictions apply. Delivery times and costs may be increased where the Products are shipped outside the UK. Check your eligibility here.
In addition, if you order Products from us for delivery to a destination outside the UK:
your order may be subject to import duties and taxes which are applied when it reaches the delivery destination. Please note that we have no control over these charges and we cannot predict their amount. You will be responsible for payment of any such import duties and taxes. Please contact your local customs office for further information before placing your order. We will not be liable or responsible if you do not pay any such import duties or taxes.
you must comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the Products are destined. We will not be liable or responsible if you break any such law; and
please see our Returns Policy for details on returning any Products to us from a destination outside the UK.
8 PRICE AND PAYMENT
The price payable for the Products shall be as shown on our site in pounds sterling (GBP), although please see clauses below for what happens if we discover an error in the price of any Product you order. Prices advertised on our site include UK VAT at the relevant rate chargeable for the time being, but exclude delivery charges which are payable in addition and shown separately during the checkout process.
We can change the prices on our site at any time without notice, but changes will not affect orders which we have already accepted. However, if the rate of VAT changes after the date of your order, we will adjust the rate of VAT you pay unless you have already paid for the Products in full before the change in VAT takes effect.
We accept payment by debit card, credit card, Apple Pay (iOS only), PayPal, and Clearpay, Klarna and Laybuy (not available on App). We accept the following cards: Visa, VISA Electron, Mastercard, Maestro, American Express.
You must pay for the Products (including all applicable delivery charges), and we will charge the card you have chosen to use to pay for your order once you reach the final billing page and submit your order. We immediately contact your bank or card issuer for authorisation to take payment from your account. If you are using Clearpay, such payment will be subject to additional terms between you and Clearpay, available at website_url_lnk and these terms may specify when you will own the Products that you purchase in this way. For more information about how Clearpay will handle your personal data see their Privacy Notice, available below. If you pay using Klarna, such payment will subject to additional terms between you and Klarna, available at website_url_lnk See website_url_lnk for further information about Klarna. For more information about how Klarna will handle your personal data see their Privacy Notice, available at website_url_lnk If you are using Laybuy, such payment will be subject to additional terms between you and Laybuy, available at website_url_lnk For more information about how Laybuy will handle your personal data see their Privacy Notice, available here.
It is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the Products we sell may be incorrectly priced. We have the right to reject an order if we discover a pricing error. We will normally check prices before accepting your order and if the price is incorrect, we will try to contact you for your instructions before we accept your order. If we are unable to contact you, your order will be cancelled. If we accept and process your order where there is a pricing error that is obvious and unmistakable and which could reasonably have been recognised by you as a mispricing, we may end the Contract, refund to you any sums you have paid under the Contract and require the return of any Products provided to you.
If you wish to apply a discount code or e-gift voucher code to your order, you must enter the relevant code during the online checkout process. Only one discount code and a maximum of five e-gift voucher codes, can be used per order and additional terms and conditions may apply in respect of each discount code. We reserve the right to decline to accept any discount or e-gift voucher code that is invalid for your order or that has expired.
9 YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL THE CONTRACT
If you are a consumer in the UK or the European Union ("EU"), you have a legal right to cancel a Contract if you change your mind, until 14 days after you receive (or someone you nominate receives) the Products, unless the Products are split into several deliveries over different days, in which case you will have until 14 days after the day you receive (or someone you nominate receives) the last Product which you ordered under the Contract which you wish to cancel. We are entitled to extend your period for cancellation at our discretion and you should review our Returns Policy from time to time for further information.
You are entitled to exercise your rights to cancel an order in respect of any one, or all Products from an order. Please see our Returns Policy for more details.
You may be entitled to a repair, replacement, or refund where you receive faulty Products, or your Products become faulty. Please let us know as soon as reasonably possible after becoming aware of a fault with your Product. For further information, please see our Returns Policy.
If you wish to cancel a Contract under clauses to above, please let us know within the timescales set out under those clauses. There are a few ways to contact us, you can:
Email us: customer.services@prettylittlething.com
WhatsApp us: +44 333 311 0802
Facebook us here
Tweet us here
Write to us via post: PrettyLittleThing.com, Heasandford Industrial Estate, Widow Hill Road, Burnley, BB10 2BQ
For full details on returns and items that are excluded from being returned, please see our Returns Policy.
If you cancel a Contract under clause before you receive the Products, but after the Products have been dispatched to you, you must return them to us once received. You must send off the Products for return within 14 days of telling us that you wish to cancel the Contract. We will pay the costs of your returns if you use our free returns service in accordance with the Returns Policy here, but if you do not use this service in accordance with our instructions then you will be responsible for the cost of returning Products to us. Please see our Returns Policy here for further information about how to return Products to us.
If you cancel your Contract under clause 9.1, we will:
subject to clause 9.9, refund you the price you paid for the Products. However, please note that we may reduce the value of your refund to reflect any reduction in the value of the Products if this has been caused by your handling them in a way which would not be permitted in a shop. If we refund you the price paid before we are able to inspect the Products and later discover you have handled them in an unacceptable way, you must pay us an appropriate amount; and
refund some or all of charges you have paid for delivery of the Products to you on the basis that the maximum refund for delivery costs will be the least expensive delivery method we offer to your delivery destination; and
make any refunds due to you by the method you used for payment: 
14 days after the day on which we receive the Products back from you or, if earlier, the day on which you provide us with evidence that you have sent the Products back to us; or
14 days after you inform us of your decision to cancel the Contract.
Please see our Returns Policy here for more information about returns and refunds.
If you wish to return any Product that you have purchased or if you wish to cancel an order for a Product after having used Clearpay, Klarna or Laybuy (a "buy now, pay later" service provider) to pay for the Product (assuming that you are entitled to do so in accordance with this Contract and our Returns Policy), we will notify the relevant service provider that you have cancelled or returned your items to us and the relevant service provider will process your full or partial refund as applicable, in accordance with its Terms and Conditions. Please note that different refund processing times may apply and you should review the applicable terms for your chosen service provider for further information.
You may also have additional rights to terminate Contract under applicable consumer laws. 
FAIR USAGE POLICY 
To further protect against fraud and misuse of our returns services, we have put together a Fair Usage Policy. 
All returns and purchases must comply with our Fair Usage Policy. 
Fraudulent, Suspicious, or Unusual Returns Activity 
Your account may be flagged for fraudulent, suspicious, or unusual returns activity. 
When flagging your account, we will primarily consider excessive returns, far beyond the rest of our customer-base; 
When flagging your account, we will primarily consider the number of orders placed; 
When flagging your account, we will primarily consider the percentage of orders retained; 
When flagging your account, we will primarily consider the value of each order; 
When flagging your account, we will primarily consider complaints about unreceived orders; 
When flagging your account, we will primarily consider missing items; 
When flagging your account, we will primarily consider unusual activity patterns; 
When flagging your account, we will primarily consider returned items that we suspect have been worn; 
When flagging your account, we will primarily consider returned items that have signs of wear and tear; 
When flagging your account, we will primarily consider returned items that do not correspond with the order.
At our discretion, we reserve the right to suspend or close your account. In serious cases, we may also refuse to provide a refund and take legal action where necessary. 
Following account suspension or closure, you will be required to pay the shipping cost for any valid returns. Valid returns will be refunded as usual. 
In future, we may increase the cost of returns for flagged accounts. We will only do this after providing fair notice. 
Nothing in this Fair Usage Policy shall affect your statutory rights
10 OUR RIGHTS TO CANCEL THE CONTRACT
We may end the Contract at any time by writing to you if
you do not make any payment to us when it is due.
you do not, within a reasonable time of us asking for it, provide us with information that is necessary for us to provide the Products; or
you do not, within a reasonable time, allow us to deliver the Products to you, or you are unavailable to receive delivery.
if the Products you have ordered are no longer available.
We may also end the Contract in the circumstances set out in clause 8.5.
If we end the Contract in any of the situations set out in clause or 10.2, we will refund any money you have paid in advance for the Products we have not provided but we may deduct or charge you reasonable compensation for the costs we will incur as a result of your breaking the Contract.
11 FAULTY PRODUCTS
If you are a consumer, we are under a legal duty to supply Products that are in conformity with the Contract. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions will affect your legal rights in relation to Products that are faulty or defective.
If you consider that any Product we have supplied is faulty or mis-described, please notify us using the contact details set out in clause 9.4.
If you discover that your Product is faulty, we may request evidence, such as images of the defect, before issuing any refund of the price paid and any associated delivery costs.
12 NON-BOOHOO ITEMS
Please be careful to ensure you pack your return carefully. If you return a non-boohoo item via our returns process. Boohoo is not responsible for and does not accept any liability for any non-boohoo items that are returned to our distribution centre, and it is your sole responsibility to ensure you return your products to the correct vendor.
13 MISSING ITEMS
If you believe there are items missing from your order, you must notify us within 14 days of receiving your order. If you do not inform us within 14 days of receiving your order, the order will be deemed delivered.
14 OUR LIABILITY
If we fail to comply with these Terms and Conditions, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breach or our failing to use reasonable care and skill, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the Contract was made, both we and you knew it might happen.
Please note that we only provide our site and Products for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site or any of our Products for any commercial, business or resale purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of any business of yours and will not provide VAT invoices for your purchases. If you are not a consumer, you must obtain our prior written consent to purchase Products from our site.
If you are not a consumer, we:
exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it, to the fullest extent permitted by law.
will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue.
business interruption.
loss of anticipated savings.
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation.
waste of management or office time.
any indirect or consequential loss or damage; or
any liability or obligation we may have under any applicable consumer rights laws.
However, we do not in any way exclude or limit our liability where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or for breach of your legal rights as a consumer in relation to the Products. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall affect or limit your rights as a consumer under applicable laws in the jurisdiction in which you are a resident.
Finally, please be aware that the security of communications sent over the Internet (including by e-mail) is subject to many factors outside of our control. As such, we do not guarantee the security or confidentiality of any electronic communications. In addition, we shall have no liability for your inability to connect to or to access our site which may result from any faults, errors or problems relating to your PC hardware, software, network or security, or your Internet service provider or any other similar problem.
15 EVENTS OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL
We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under a Contract that is caused by an event outside our reasonable control, including any event, non-happening, omission or accident beyond our reasonable control and includes in particular (without limitation):
strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action.
epidemic or pandemic or government actions arising from such epidemic or pandemic.
civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war.
fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic, pandemic or other natural disaster.
impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport.
impossibility of the use of public or private telecommunications networks.
the acts, decrees, legislation, regulations or restrictions of any government.
(hereinafter referred to as an "Event Outside Our Control").
If an Event Outside Our Control takes place that affects the performance of our obligations under a Contract, we will contact you as soon as reasonably possible to notify you and our obligations under the Contract will be suspended and the time for performance of our obligations will be extended for the duration of the Event Outside Our Control. Where the Event Outside Our Control affects our delivery of Products to you, we will arrange a new delivery date with you after the Event Outside Our Control is over.
You may cancel a Contract affected by an Event Outside Our Control if there is a risk of substantial delay. To cancel a Contract under this clause 13 please contact us using the details set out in clause 9.4.
16 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
All and any Intellectual Property Rights in the Products shall be owned by us or our licensors. All such rights are reserved.
17 AFTER-SALES SERVICE
You can contact us with any questions, comments, complaints, or requests regarding these Terms and Conditions or our Products, using the details set out in the Contact Us section at clause above.
If you are not satisfied with how we have handled any complaint, you may wish to request that the complaint be referred for alternative dispute resolution (where an independent body considers the facts of the dispute and seeks to resolve it without you having to go to court). Disputes may be submitted for online resolution to the European Commission Online Dispute Resolution platform, which can be found here.
18 PRETTYLITTLETHING. COM VIP
This clause 16 will apply if you have chosen to subscribe to Prettylittlething.com VIP.
Prettylittlething.com VIP
unlimited UK next day delivery, (or unlimited standard delivery where next day delivery is not possible).
unlimited next day collection; and
free returns.
For full details of Prettylittlething.com VIP , please click here
Term -
and shall automatically expire without the need for further action from either party. After your Prettylittlething Royalty membership expires, you may apply again for a Prettylittlething Royalty membership if we are offering such Prettylittlething Royalty memberships at that time. If you do so, you will be asked to pay the applicable annual membership fee at the time. If you do not wish to do so, your membership shall expire at the end of its current period.
Eligibility
Prettylittlething Royalty memberships are only available to individuals residing in the UK, who have a registered Prettylittlething Royalty customer account. You must be logged in to your customer account to use Prettylittlething Royalty.
Postal address, Prettylittlething Royalty is only available for delivery to UK addresses. Please note postcode restrictions apply. Check your eligibility here. The Prettylittlething Royalty service in the following areas may take 3-5 working days (rather than "next day"): Channel Islands, Highlands & Islands of Scotland, Shetlands.
Price
The annual price of Prettylittlething Royalty is as stated on our Website. However, we reserve the right to adjust this price from time to time. Please check our site for applicable prices at any time.
Cancellation, You have a legal right to cancel your contract for Prettylittlething Royalty membership if you change your mind, until 14 days after the date on which the contract is entered into. However you will lose your right to cancel your Prettylittlething Royalty membership if you make use of the Prettylittlething Royalty benefits within this time.
Orders, you must place your orders for any Products in accordance with Prettylittlething 's next day delivery timescales. These timescales may vary from time to time and are set out on our Website from time to time.
Discount Restrictions, Prettylittlething Royalty can be used in conjunction with any other offer or promotion by Prettylittlething.
Delivery, Prettylittlething reserves the right to alter the delivery service valid in this promotion at any time; in this case you will be offered the delivery service available at that time free of charge.
Terms & Conditions, You are responsible for using Prettylittlething Royalty in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. Our Website Terms of Use and our Privacy Notice also apply in all cases. Any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions may result in termination of your membership and no refund will be given. Prettylittlething reserves the right to accept or refuse membership and to change any Terms and Conditions at its discretion. Prettylittlething will inform you of any significant changes to these Terms and Conditions. All other applicable Prettylittlething Terms and Conditions apply.
Personal use only, Prettylittlething Royalty is for personal use only and you must not use either account for the benefit of any other person.
Delays outside of our control, Prettylittlething will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations if the delay or failure arises from an Event Outside of Our Control.
Termination, We may in our sole discretion decide to terminate your Prettylittlething Royalty membership and you will be given a pro-rated refund based on the number of whole months remaining in your membership. We will not give any refund for termination related to conduct that we determine, in our discretion, violates these Terms and Conditions or any applicable law, involves fraud or misuse, or is harmful to Prettylittlething's interests or the interests of other users.
19 PROMOTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Official Prettylittlething.com promotion codes entitle you to an offer on your online order from website_url_lnk To utilise your promotion code, click the "redeem a promotion code" button on the order summary page and enter the specific code. Please note, promotion codes can only be used once per transaction and cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion or offer. Promotion codes are territory specific, remain our property, are not transferable and are not valid for the purchase of gift cards or gift vouchers. There is no cash alternative. Promotion codes and related offers are not open to employees of Prettylittlething.com Limited and we reserve the right to withdraw them and refuse or restrict any order at any time. Promotion codes are only valid on Prettylittlething.com for payments made by residents of the United Kingdom and Ireland in Sterling, where enabled, Euros, US or Australian dollars. Payment by Euros, US or Australian dollars can be enabled by selecting the appropriate flag in the dropdown currency selection menu in the top right-hand corner on the homepage.
20 OTHER IMPORTANT TERMS
If we have to contact you, we will do so by in writing or telephone, using the contact details you provided to us in your order, unless you have asked us to contact you by any other means. We may also contact you by reply on any social media platform page that you have used to contact us. When we refer in these Terms and Conditions to "in writing", this includes e-mail.
We may transfer our rights and obligations under the Contract to another organisation. We will tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the Contract.
You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these Terms and Conditions to another person if we agree in writing.
The Contract is between you and us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms.
We may use subcontractors in performing our obligations under this Contract.
Each of the paragraphs of these Terms and Conditions operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these Terms and Conditions, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will automatically waive any later default by you.
Entire Agreement. These Terms and Conditions, the Terms of Use, the Privacy Notice, the Refund Policy, any documents they incorporate by reference, and any additional terms you agree to in connection with our site constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and PrettyLittleThing.com Limited regarding your purchase of our Products and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding the purchase of our Products.
Please note that these Terms and Conditions are governed by English law. If you are a consumer, this means a Contract for the purchase of Products and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it will be governed by English law, except that if you are not resident in England then English law shall apply only to the extent that it does not override any mandatory laws of the country in which you have your usual place of residence.
In respect of any dispute or claim relating to a Contract, if you are a consumer you and we both submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales, but nothing in this clause shall limit your legal rights to bring actions against us or to require proceedings to take place in the country in which you have your usual place of residence. If you are not a consumer, you and we both submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Let Us Help You
Help
Returns
Size Guide
Delivery
Royalty
Gift Cards
Gift Cards FAQ
Clearpay
Klarna
PayPal
About Us
About Us
Giving Back
Diversity
Careers
Students & Graduates
Essential Workers Discount
Become An Affiliate
App Info
Modern Slavery Statement
PLT Marketplace
Information
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
My Account
Order History
Track My Order
My Wishlist
Refer A Friend
View Bag
Connect with PLT
Apple Store QR Code
Google Play QR Code
Prettylittlething 2024
How PrettyLittleThing uses cookies
We use cookies that help us to provide you with the best possible shopping experience with us. For example, they allow us to connect to social networks, display personalised content, deliver personalised ads, as well as analyse and improve the operation of our website. View our Privacy Policy
More Info Accept All