Skip To Main
Want to see what we're up to? Get updates from Rivian.
R1S
R1T
R2
R3
Rivian full brand logo in black text
Demo Drive
Sign In
Sign In
Rivian full brand logo in black text
Cookie Notice
Additional Information on Rivian's use of cookies and other similar technologies
Manage Preferences
Overview
Cross-Border Data Transfers
Your Cookie Choices
Changes to Our Cookie Uses
Contact Information
Types of Cookies We Use
Overview
This Cookie Notice ("Notice") describes our use of cookies and other similar tools, such as pixel tags (also known as clear GIFs, web bugs, or web beacons), to automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns when you use our Sites or services. For example, we may collect information such as websites you visited before browsing the Site, pages you viewed on the Site, number of times you accessed the Site, how long you spent on the Site, and other web traffic data. We use this information to personalize your experience on the Sites or with the Company, customize promotional material, and to improve the security, design, and function of the Sites. Please note that we also engage in cross-context behavioral advertising to generate advertisements that are tailored to your interests. Additionally, we collect information concerning online interactions with our owner's guide, which we do not associate with identifiable individuals.
Cookies are small files stored on your browser or device that enable the cookie owner to recognize the device when it visits websites or uses online services. The website you visit may set cookies directly, known as first-party cookies, or may trigger cookies set by other domain names, known as third-party cookies. While Rivian may automatically use some cookies that are strictly necessary to provide the services you request or enable communications, we request your consent for all of our other cookie uses on our web properties, such as rivian.com. 
Our Data Privacy Notice describes our practices for handling any personal data that our first-party cookies collect, store, or use, including our legal grounds for processing personal data. We rely on the following legal grounds to process personal data collected through our first-party cookies: consent. You have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes, e.g., to have certain cookies track your clicks across our website.
Our Data Privacy Notice describes our practices for handling any personal data that our first-party cookies collect, store, or use, including our legal grounds for processing personal data. We rely on the following legal grounds to process personal data collected through our first-party cookies: legitimate Interests. The processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or for the purposes of the legitimate interests of a third party which are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of personal data. We may, for example, have a legitimate interest to provide you with the content of our website through the use of Strictly Necessary cookies.
Third-party cookies stem from a provider who is not the operator of our website. We have authorized certain third-party cookies to operate on our website. 
Please see the table in Section 6 ("Types of Cookies We Use") below for a list of the individual first-party and third-party cookies used on this site and their specific purposes.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
The cookies we use may process, store, or transfer personal data in and to a country outside your own, with privacy laws that provide different, possibly lower, protections. You consent to this transfer, storing, or processing when you consent to our cookie use. Rivian is based in the United States of America. Please review each third-party cookie provider's policy to learn more about its location. Please see our Data Privacy Notice for more general information on our cross-border data transfer practices and security safeguards.
Your Cookie Choices
You may make or manage your cookie use preferences or withdraw your consent for our cookie uses that are not strictly necessary at any time by visiting the cookie preference center.
Most web browsers allow you to directly block all cookies, or just third-party cookies, through your browser settings. Using your browser settings to block all cookies, including strictly necessary ones, may interfere with proper site operation.
Changes to Our Cookie Uses
We will post any changes to the way we use cookies on this page and indicate on our website that we updated this cookie policy. If the changes materially alter how we use cookies, we will post a notice on our website and request your informed consent for the materially different use. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our cookie use policy.
Last modified: October 23, 2023
Contact Information
Please submit any questions, comments, or requests regarding this Cookie Notice to privacy@rivian.com.
Types of Cookies We Use
The following table lists all cookies potentially in use on website_url_lnk We will update this table as our website changes and evolves, so please check back frequently to review any new cookie uses. We use the following types of cookies: key
The following table lists all cookies potentially in use on website_url_lnk We will update this table as our website changes and evolves, so please check back frequently to review any new cookie uses. We use the following types of cookies: key
Never miss an adventure, get updates, offers and invites.
Email
ZIP Code
By submitting, I agree to receive future communications from Rivian and I have read and agree to Rivian's Terms and acknowledge the Data Privacy Notice.
R1T
R1S
R2
Spaces
Gear Shop
Our Company
Stories
Fleet
Education
Purchasing
Charging
Insurance
Service
Company
Investors
Resources
Support
US
2024 Rivian. All Rights Reserved.
Terms
Privacy
Cookies
Legal
Recalls
Accessibility
Your privacy choices
Chat
First Name
Last Name
Email
Chats are transcribed for customer service and quality assurance purposes. Please see the Rivian Privacy Policy for more information.
Next