Welcome to the 
Please enjoy our special offers for you 
MY BENEFITS SPECIAL OFFERS
What are you looking for?
Search form
Close Search Keyword Galaxy Z Fold6 Delete Search Scan Barcode
NO SUGGESTIONS
Suggested Searches
Popular Keyword
Search History
Clear All 
recommended search
Galaxy Z Fold6
Galaxy Z Flip6
Galaxy S24 Ultra
Galaxy Z Flip5
The Frame
BESPOKE Refrigerator
Accessories
Trending Now 
Galaxy Buds3 Pro 
Galaxy Watch7 Ultra 
Galaxy Z Fold6 
The Frame 
990 PRO PCIe SSD 
Odyssey gaming monitor 
Gaming Monitor 
Portable SSD T9 USB 
Click here to start a conversation with our product experts.
Close
SAMSUNG WASHINGTON CONSUMER HEALTH DATA PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last Updated: March 29, 2024
This Washington Consumer Health Data Privacy Statement (the "Statement") supplements the Samsung Health Privacy Policy and Samsung Privacy Policy for the U. S., and any other privacy notice that refers to this Statement. It applies to Washington consumers and consumer health data collected in the State of Washington. This Statement uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the Washington My Health My Data Act (the "MHMDA").
Collection and Use of Consumer Health Data
When you use a service or specific feature that collects health data, we may collect the following categories of consumer health data about you, including: bodily functions, vital signs, symptoms or other similar measurements (such as your heart rate, basal metabolic rate, blood glucose level, blood pressure level, oxygen saturation level, hemoglobin (HbA1c) level, stress level, sleep-related information, activity levels, types of exercise, exercise programs, number of steps, speed, distance, food, and water intake); 
When you use a service or specific feature that collects health data, we may collect the following categories of consumer health data about you, including: reproductive or sexual health information (such as menstrual cycle information you provide through our Services); 
When you use a service or specific feature that collects health data, we may collect the following categories of consumer health data about you, including: information contained in medical records you choose to store in our services, including Samsung Health, such as: 
o Health conditions, treatment, diseases or diagnoses; 
o Social, psychological, behavioral, and medical interventions; 
o Health-related surgeries or procedures; 
o Use or purchase of prescribed medication; 
o Diagnoses or diagnostic testing, treatment, or medication; 
o Gender-affirming care information; 
o Other data related to health care services you receive.
Data that may identify your attempt to seek health care services (such as search terms or queries that you enter into the Samsung Internet browser); and 
Any information that we process to associate or identify you with the data described above that we obtain from non-health information (such as proxy, derivative, inferred or emergent data, including algorithms or machine learning).
We may collect and use consumer health data to provide you with the products and services you request, and for the purposes described in the Samsung Health Privacy Policy and Samsung Privacy Policy for the U. S., and any other privacy notices that refer to this Statement. Where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent to collect and use your consumer health data.
Sources of Consumer Health Data
We may collect consumer health data about you from you or your devices (for example, through your use of our products, services and apps, such as Samsung Health); 
We may collect consumer health data about you from third-party devices and apps you choose to connect to our services; 
We may collect consumer health data about you from our affiliates and subsidiaries; and 
We may collect consumer health data about you from vendors who provide services on our behalf.
Sharing of Consumer Health Data 
We may share the categories of consumer health data described in this Statement with the parties as described in the Samsung Privacy Policy for the U. S. Where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent to share your consumer health data.
Washington Consumer Rights 
You have certain rights and choices regarding our use and disclosure of your consumer health data, as described below.
Confirm: You have the right to request that we disclose to you whether we collect, share or sell your consumer health data. 
Access: You have the right to request access to, and information about, the consumer health data we have collected, shared or sold about you. 
Delete: You have the right to request that we delete your consumer health data. 
Withdraw: If, where required under applicable law, you have provided your consent to Samsung to collect, use and share your consumer health data, 
you have the right to withdraw your consent.
How to Submit a Request: To submit a request to exercise the rights and choices set forth above, click here.
Go to Top 
Get stock alert
Get alert when this item is back in stock and available to buy, by adding your email to opt into alerts.
Enter Your Email
Double check the address...just to make sure!
Close Submit
Close popup
We will email you when inventory is added. 
Thank you. 
Submit
Close popup
Layer Popup Close
My Wishlist
My Wishlist 1
My Wishlist 2
My Wishlist 3
My Wishlist 4
My Wishlist 5
My Wishlist 6
My Wishlist 7
My Wishlist 8
My Wishlist 9
Close popup
Product Registration
Quick and easy product registration.. 
Receive up-to-date personalized services and tips.
Serial Number / IMEI
Enter your Serial Number/IMEI
Enter serial number/IMEI 
QR Scan
Scan the QR code on your products for easy registration.
This feature can only be supported on Samsung Home Appliances and non-smart B2C monitors.
Scan QR code 
Enter your Serial Number/IMEI
Quick and easy product registration.
Serial Number / IMEI
Please enter the 11 or 15- digit number.
This product is already registered. Make sure you entered the right serial number or IMEI.
How to find Serial Number or IMEI Expand
Type
TV & AV
TV & AV
Mobile Device
Home Appliance
PC & Office
Camera & Camcorder
Sub Type
Television
Television
Blu-ray
Home cinema
MP3/MP4 Player
Category
SUHD
SUHD
UHD
FHD
HD
Back view
The serial number and model name are printed on the label located on the lower left side of the device's exterior, near the front. They are also on a second label, inside the refrigerator compartment on a side wall above the top shelf.
Back view
The serial number and model name are printed on the label located on the lower left side of the device's exterior, near the front. They are also on a second label, inside the refrigerator compartment on a side wall above the top shelf.
Back Check 
Product registration is almost complete!!
You've entered a valid S/N or IMEI. Now select the model of your product.
Back
Enter your Model Number
Suggested Searches
No result. Please try again.
Back Select 
Close
Galaxy Book3 Ultra
SM-G996BZKGEUA
Serial Number: R3CR508WNAH
Confirm 
Close
The device you are currently using does not support the camera function.
Please try again with a different device.
Confirm 
Close
Extra $50 Off Now! 
Sign up for $50 off your purchase of $1,000 or more
Email 
Yes, I would like to receive emails about exclusive offers, upcoming events, product news, and more from Samsung. 
Please agree to continue.
Submit 
No thanks 
I agree to the Service Contract Terms and Conditions , and Samsung's US Privacy Policy 
Limited time offer. Receive a $50 ecertificate ("Gift") via eligible Samsung Offer Program email address to use toward a minimum purchase of $1,000 on Samsung.com ["Qualifying Purchase"]. The Gift is valid for use through 1/31/25 towards eligible products; it is a one-time use ecertificate; when first used, any value not used is lost. The Gift is non-transferable and limited to 1 per registered Samsung Offer Program marketing opt-in user. If the full Qualifying Purchase is cancelled or returned in one transaction, the Gift will be re-enabled once processed; partially returning the purchase will forfeit that portion of the Gift value. Offer subject to change without prior notice. 
Oops, something went wrong. Please try again later. 
Ok 