1/1
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Subaru respects your personal information. We hope this Privacy Hub will help you better understand how we collect and process your personal information and what options are available to you to manage your data. 
First, no vehicle-generated data is transmitted to Subaru unless you enrolled your vehicle in a Subaru Connected Services subscription. Second, if you are a Subaru Connected Services subscriber, you can change certain data-collection options in the MySubaru app or cancel your subscription at any time to stop all data collection. Third, you can request deletion of your data at any time by clicking here. 
Attention Solterra drivers: Any data collected from the Solterra is subject to different terms and conditions and privacy practices, which can be found here. 
Thank you for being a valued Subaru customer.
Privacy Rights
Certain states give their residents some or all of the following privacy rights requests:
Right to Know
Right to Opt Out
Right to be Forgotten
Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Information
Right to Correct
Right to Appeal 
Subaru has extended these rights to all customers regardless of where they reside. You can submit a request to exercise these rights by clicking on the link below.
Submit a Request
Privacy Policies
Subaru collects, uses, shares and endeavors to protect your personal information. Information regarding how we do this, including state-specific information where applicable, is contained in our Privacy Policies. You can view these policies by clicking the link below.
View Privacy Policies
View Mobility Assistance Program Privacy
View Vehicle Privacy Policy
Opt In, Data Sharing and Sales
If you have previously opted out of allowing Subaru to sell and share your personal information, but would now like to allow Subaru to sell and share your personal information, you can opt in to consent to this by submitting a General Request through the link below.
Opt In to Data Sharing and Sales
Cookie and Ad Preferences
Subaru uses cookies to improve the quality of your visit to our site, enhance site performance and help you get to what you want or where you want to go both faster and simpler. Some of these uses may be considered a "sale" or "sharing" under certain state laws. You can view and change these preferences by clicking the link below, making your selections, and clicking "Confirm My Choices." 
View Cookies and Ad Preferences
Communication Preferences
From time to time, Subaru sends you communications to provide you with certain opportunities, goods, services and more. You can set your communication preferences through your MySubaru account by clicking the link below. All users may also opt-out of receiving marketing emails and newsletters at any time by using the opt-out link located at the bottom of our emails.
Opt Out of Subaru Communications
Frequently Asked Questions 
How would I know if I've enrolled in Subaru Connected Services? How can I find out?
Feel free to call us at 855-753-2495 and we can look that up for you. You can also tell by looking on the MySubaru App in the Subscriptions section. Also, if you did enroll in connected services, then you would have received an enrollment email and invoice from us when you first subscribed to the services.
If I did enroll in Subaru Connected Services, then what data is Subaru collecting from my vehicle?
Subaru will collect vehicle maintenance and diagnostic data; vehicle status data, which may include geolocation data; and data used to carry out user-initiated events, such when you perform a MySubaru Remote command or press the in-vehicle SOS Emergency Assistance button. Please see the Vehicle Privacy Policy for a more detailed list of the data collected.
Does Subaru share the information collected by connected services with anyone else?
Please see our Vehicle Privacy Policy for complete information on how connected services information is shared.
Does Subaru share my driving information with insurance companies?
If you are a current connected services subscriber seeking a quote for insurance, then Subaru will share only your odometer data and only after you provide your direct authorization to the insurance company to access this data. This may be used by your insurance company to make automated decisions regarding your premium. We do not share data with insurance companies unless you provide express consent to those insurance companies. 
What happens if I cancel my connected services subscription? Will my car still work?
Yes, your car will still work. If you cancel connected services, then you will no longer receive connected vehicle features such as Automatic Collision Notification, Enhanced Roadside Assistance, Stolen Vehicle Recovery, or the convenience of remote services. But your car will otherwise operate as normal and you will continue to receive the safety benefits provided by EyeSight, which include Advanced Adaptive Cruise Control, Lane Departure & Lane Sway Warnings, Pre-Collision Breaking, and Pre-Collision Throttle Management, and Subaru's DriverFocus system. In addition, you will still enjoy many convenience and entertainment options available with Subaru vehicles, such as in-vehicle navigation, SiriusXM Radio, Apple CarPlay, and Android Auto.
How do I ask Subaru to delete my data?
Complete the web form found here. You can also call us at 1-800-SUBARU3.
I'm a victim of domestic abuse and my ex-partner still has access to remote services. How do I disconnect?
Safety is Subaru's top priority. If connected vehicle services are creating a risk to you or your loved ones as a result of a domestic abuser, then please call the Subaru Customer Advocacy Department at 800-782-2783. We will disconnect remote access to the vehicle. (Please note that additional documentation may be required.)
How do I adjust my cookie settings on your website?
Please go to Subaru.com and scroll down to "Cookie and Ad Preferences."
Have general questions?
Go to Customer Support. Subaru or call us at 1-800-SUBARU3.
Back To Top 
Explore Subaru
Our vehicles will inspire drivers like you to become a Subaru owner for life. Find out what makes us more than a car company.
Connect with Us
Get Email Updates
Get Text Updates
Customer Support
About Subaru
Our Company
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging
Corporate Responsibility
Company News
Careers
Vehicle Recalls
Site Map
Accessibility
Privacy
Other Subaru Sites
MySubaru
Subaru Parts Online
Motorsports
Dear Subaru
Subaru Gear
Subaru Drive
Subaru Motors Finance 
Subaru Global
Subaru Fleet
Subaru of America, Inc. Use of this site signifies your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions.
Privacy Policies
California Privacy
Cookie and Ad Preferences
Legal Disclaimers
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Limit Use of My Sensitive Personal Information
Chinese 中文
Español
MSRP does not include destination and delivery charges, tax, title, and registration fees. Destination and delivery includes handling and inland freight fees and may vary in some states. Prices, specifications, options, features, and models subject to change without notice. Select colors may be subject to an additional charge. See your retailer for more information.
EPA fuel economy estimates. Actual mileage will vary with driving conditions and your vehicle's condition.
^ Now through January 2, 2025, get 2.9% APR Financing for 72 months on a new 2025 Outback. Manufacturer offer. No down payment required. Monthly payment of $15.15 per $1,000 financed. Offer may vary by location. Other rates and payment terms available. Cannot be combined with any other coupon, direct/email offer or promotional offer unless allowed by that offer. Financing for well-qualified applicants only. Length of contract is limited. Subject to credit approval, vehicle insurance approval and vehicle availability. Vehicle may not be in stock. Estimated delivery to be determined upon ordering. See participating retailers for details. Must take delivery from retailer stock by January 2, 2025.
^^ Now through January 2, 2025, get 3.9% APR Financing for 72 months on a new 2024 Crosstrek. Manufacturer offer. No down payment required. Monthly payment of $15.60 per $1,000 financed. Offer may vary by location. Other rates and payment terms available. Cannot be combined with any other coupon, direct/email offer or promotional offer unless allowed by that offer. Financing for well-qualified applicants only. Length of contract is limited. Subject to credit approval, vehicle insurance approval and vehicle availability. Vehicle may not be in stock. Estimated delivery to be determined upon ordering. See participating retailers for details. Must take delivery from retailer stock by January 2, 2025.
Now through January 2, 2025, get 0% APR Financing for 72 months on a new 2024 Solterra. Manufacturer offer. No down payment required. Monthly payment of $13.89 per $1,000 financed. Offer may vary by location. Other rates and payment terms available. Cannot be combined with any other coupon, direct/email offer or promotional offer unless allowed by that offer. Financing for well-qualified applicants only. Length of contract is limited. Subject to credit approval, vehicle insurance approval and vehicle availability. Vehicle may not be in stock. Estimated delivery to be determined upon ordering. See participating retailers for details. Must take delivery from retailer stock by January 2, 2025.
Now through January 2, 2025, lease a new 2024 Solterra for $329 per month for 36 months (Premium trim, code RED-11), incl. $7,500 incentive for eligible leases. $329 due at lease signing plus tax & license. $0 security deposit. Manufacturer offer. MSRP $46,340 (incl. $1,345 freight charge). Net cap cost of $30,915 (incl. $295 acq. fee). Total monthly payments are $11,844. Lease end purchase option is $19,463. Must take delivery from retailer stock by January 2, 2025. Other leases available on other trim levels. Cannot be combined with any other offer unless allowed by that offer. Special lease rates extended to well-qualified buyers. Subject to credit approval, vehicle insurance approval and vehicle availability. Vehicle may not be in stock. Estimated delivery to be determined upon ordering. Inventory may be limited. Not all buyers may qualify. Payments may be higher in some states. Net cap cost & monthly payment excludes tax, license, title, registration, insurance, additional options, & retailer charges. Retailer participation may affect actual payment. At lease end, lessee is responsible for vehicle maintenance & repairs not covered by warranty, excessive wear & tear, 15 cents per mile over 10,000 miles per year, and $300 disposition fee. Lessee pays personal property & ad valorem taxes (where applicable) & insurance. Not available in HI. See participating retailer for details.
Now through January 2, 2025, get 4.9% APR Financing for 72 months on a new 2025 Forester. Manufacturer offer. No down payment required. Monthly payment of $16.06 per $1,000 financed. Offer may vary by location. Other rates and payment terms available. Cannot be combined with any other coupon, direct/email offer or promotional offer unless allowed by that offer. Financing for well-qualified applicants only. Length of contract is limited. Subject to credit approval, vehicle insurance approval and vehicle availability. Vehicle may not be in stock. Estimated delivery to be determined upon ordering. See participating retailers for details. Must take delivery from retailer stock by January 2, 2025. 
Some vehicles shown with accessory or aftermarket equipment.