Menu
Business
Automotive Lighting
IoT & Solutions
Hard Drives, Storage
Quantum-Secure Networking
More
Healthcare
Heavy Ion Therapy Systems 
Industrial
IR Lamps
Oil, Gas
Mining, Minerals
IoT & Solutions
More
Power, Energy
Steam Turbines
Geothermal
Nuclear Power Plants (ABWR)
Hydro Turbine & Generator
More
Retail
POS Systems
Self Checkout
POS Software
POS Printers
More
Semiconductors
Automotive Devices
Storage Products
MOSFETs
Photocouplers
More
Support
Laptops, Tablets
Legacy TV Support
Business, Office Products
Americas
Worldwide
Close
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 2024
This Privacy Notice (the "Notice") describes the data practices and data processing activities of Toshiba America, Inc. and our subsidiaries (together, "TAI", "us" or "we") when you engage or interact with TAI during the course of your application to work or employment with TAI, when you visit the websites we operate (collectively, "Websites"), or when you otherwise provide information to us. This Notice does not apply to information collected by TAI's parent company, the Toshiba Group, or other companies controlled, directly, or indirectly by the Toshiba Group ("Toshiba"). 
Please read this Notice carefully to understand our data processing practices. Some or all of the information in this Notice may apply to you if TAI collects or processes your personal information, even if your relationship with TAI or type of personal information does not fall specifically into one of the categories listed in this Notice. If you have questions about the applicability of this Notice to you, please contact us by using the details at the end of this Notice. 
If you do not agree with the practices outlined in this Notice, do not use our Websites or otherwise interact with TAI. By continuing to interact with TAI or use our Websites, agreeing to employment, or otherwise making information available to us, you are agreeing to this Notice. From time to time, we may update this Notice. We will notify you of material changes to the Notice by posting a revised Notice on, or that is accessible through, the Websites, and such revised Notice will have an updated effective date at the top of the document. Any updates, revisions, supplements, modifications, or amendments to this Notice shall be effective immediately upon its posting. Your continued use any of the Websites or services or your continued interactions with us after the modifications have been posted will be considered your acceptance of such changes. 
Our Websites and services are not intended for children under 18 years of age, and TAI does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any personal information to TAI. The Websites and other materials may contain links to third party websites, including Toshiba's websites. We do not operate these third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information security and privacy practices of such third parties, nor are we responsible for the content on such third-party websites.
Types and Sources of Personal Information We Collect and How We Use 
We may automatically collect identifiers, including your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, and your network activity, including how you interact with our Websites and other systems, your computer operating system and browser used to access our Website, and similar Internet usage and connection details. You may also provide your personal information directly to us when you submit a webform, participate in a sweepstakes, set-up or manage an account with us, complete documentation related to your employment or job application, or you otherwise interact with us. We may also engage third parties to collect information using "cookies," "pixels" or other industry standard technologies to generate statistics or measure and analyze website activities (including, but not limited to, page usage, paths followed during visits through our Websites, and the geographical location of visitors). 
TAI does not sell your personal information and will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale as required by law. Similarly, we do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information.
Personal Information Collected from Website Visitors
We may collect personal information from you when you visit our Websites, including Identifiers like your name and contact information and information collected automatically as described above. 
We may use your personal information to provide, support, personalize and market our and TAI affiliates' services and products; to improve our customer service; to process your requests, including investigating and addressing your concerns; to verify your identity; to manage your account with us; to personalize your experiences on our Websites; to deliver and market our services relevant to your interests; to conduct statistical or demographic analysis; to test, research, analyze, and improve TAI and TAI affiliate products, services and business operations; to detect and prevent fraud or other unauthorized activities; to meet our legal and regulatory compliance obligations; to ensure compliance with and enforce our Terms of Use, other TAI policies, and legal rights; to develop, improve, and maintain the safety and security of individuals, our facilities and assets, and our Websites and services; to respond to law enforcement requests as required and permitted by applicable law; as part of a merger, reorganization or other sale or transfer of our assets; as otherwise necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of our business, employees, customers, consumers or other natural persons; or as otherwise permitted by law or to fulfill the reasons you provided the information (together, to provide "Services and Support").
Personal Information Collected from Vendors and On-Site Visitors
We may collect personal information from employees of our vendors or customers and visitors to our facilities, including identifiers including name, contact information, and government identifier like a driver's license, passport, or other state identification number, as well as device identifiers.
We may collect personal information from employees of our vendors or customers and visitors to our facilities, including audio, video, or similar information including photographs, images, or call or video recordings.
We may collect personal information from employees of our vendors or customers and visitors to our facilities, including internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information as described above.
We may collect personal information from employees of our vendors or customers and visitors to our facilities, including other Personal Information you provide to us.
We may use this personal information to provide Services and Support. 
Personal Information Collected from Employees and Job Applicants
We may collect the following information from employees and job applicants: identifiers including name, contact details, social security number, driver's license or other state identification number, passport number, or INS or visa number. 
We may collect the following information from employees and job applicants: credentials including account and user ID, access or security code, or password. 
We may collect the following information from employees and job applicants: professional or employment-related information including education and employment history, work location, qualifications, professional associations and affiliations, and salary expectations. 
We may collect the following information from employees and job applicants: benefits-related information including insurance details and financial account. 
We may collect the following information from employees and job applicants: characteristics of protected classifications under applicable law including age, ethnicity, race, marital status, military or veteran status, nationality, citizenship, medical condition, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, gender, gender identity, and gender expression. 
We may collect the following information from employees and job applicants: biometric Data, including fingerprints and facial scans. Such data may be used to verify your identity and maintain the safety and security of individuals and our assets, with your consent, where required. 
We may collect the following information from employees and job applicants: audio, video, or similar information including photographs, images, or call or video recordings.
We may collect the following information from employees and job applicants: geolocation derived from an IP address, computer or mobile device, or other means. 
We may collect the following information from employees and job applicants: email and Messages Content. Emails sent from and received to your TAI email address, and all Microsoft Teams messages and other chat messages.
We may collect the following information from employees and job applicants: internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information including Internet usage, browsing history on TAI-issued devices, all activity and inactivity on TAI computing systems and networks (including Guest Networks) and communications sent through TAI assets. 
We may collect the following information from employees and job applicants: other personal information you provide to us.
Some of the personal information collected may be considered sensitive personal information under applicable law, including governmental identifiers (e.g., social security number, driver's license, and passport number), account access credentials, communications, racial or ethnic origin, and health data.
Some of the above personal information may be collected through third party vendors and platforms. For information regarding those vendors' privacy practices, contact the individual vendor to whom you have submitted information via the details on their portal. 
We may use this personal information for Services and Support, and for human resources management and employment-related matters and to administer benefits; to evaluate you as a potential candidate; to communicate with you; to detect and prevent fraud or other unauthorized activities; to notify you or your emergency contacts in the event of an emergency; to manage the health and safety of our employees and others; maintain the safety and security of individuals, our facilities and assets, and our Websites and services; to operate and maintain our electronic systems and networks; for network security and access control purposes; or as otherwise permitted by law or to fulfill the reasons you provided the information.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal information for the duration of our ongoing relationship with you and for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined above unless a longer retention period is required or permitted for legal, auditing, or compliance purposes. We dispose of the personal information we collect in accordance with our retention policies and procedures.
Disclosure of Personal Information We Collect
We may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and subsidiaries.
We may disclose your personal information to service providers and other third parties who support our business and are contractually bound to keep the information confidential and use only for specified purposes.
We may disclose your personal information to law enforcement and regulatory agencies with oversight over TAI as required by law.
We may disclose your personal information to parties to whom you authorize us to disclose your personal information.
We may disclose your personal information to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, or other sale or transfer of some or all of TAI's assets; and
We may disclose your personal information to others as required by applicable law, court order, or regulation.
Data Processing and Cross-Border Data Transfers
Your personal information is stored, and our Websites are maintained, on servers in the United States. If you are interacting with us from outside the U. S., please be advised that your personal information may be transferred to our servers in the U. S. and that providing your information you are consenting to this processing in the U. S. We may also transfer and use your personal information outside of the U. S. to other jurisdictions. We strive to ensure a similar degree of protection afforded to you if you are outside of the U. S. and comply with the laws of jurisdictions in which we maintain operations and collect personal information.
TAI makes no representation that materials on this Website are appropriate or available for use outside of the U. S., and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Your Rights and Opt-Out Choices
Depending on your place of residence, you may have some or all the following data protection and privacy rights: right to access (right to know) the personal information we have collected about you or shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes, although we do not disclosure your personal information to third parties for this purpose.
Depending on your place of residence, you may have some or all the following data protection and privacy rights: right to correct the personal information we have collected when it is inaccurate.
Depending on your place of residence, you may have some or all the following data protection and privacy rights: right to restrict the use of your personal information to only when we have a legal basis for processing.
Depending on your place of residence, you may have some or all the following data protection and privacy rights: right to request deletion of your personal information.
Depending on your place of residence, you may have some or all the following data protection and privacy rights: right to request portability or the transfer of your personal information.
Depending on your place of residence, you may have some or all the following data protection and privacy rights: right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, and the use for targeted advertising.
Depending on your place of residence, you may have some or all the following data protection and privacy rights: right to withdraw your consent in instances where we are relying on your consent to process your personal information. This will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.
Depending on your place of residence, you may have some or all the following data protection and privacy rights: right to appeal our refusal to act on your request and submit a complaint to the relevant authority.
Depending on your place of residence, you may have some or all the following data protection and privacy rights: right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights.
You can exercise your rights at any time contacting us at the address listed below. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable request related to your personal information. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and within the required timeframe under applicable law. We may need to verify your identity before complying with your request. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights, but it may impact your ability to use our Websites and services. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion. 
You may also opt-out of marketing communications by clicking the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the communications we send you. Please note, however, that even if you opt out of receiving our marketing information, we may still send you certain types of communications, such as responses to your requests and transactional or legal notification communications.
You can delete or set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or you can set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. Refer to your browser's instructions to learn more about your browser settings and how you can manage cookies. For more information on third party advertising-related cookies and how to exercise your choice to opt-out of them, please visit website_url_lnk and website_url_lnk
Information Security 
TAI takes industry-standard steps to protect personal information from misuse, loss, or alteration. Keep in mind, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, and any information that you send to us may not be protected. While TAI strives to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and any transmission of information is at your own risk. Also, the safety and security of your information depends partly on you. If you create a password to access certain parts of our Websites or to obtain certain services, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. You must notify us immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized access to, or use of, your username/email or password in connection with any of the Websites. You should use caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Notice or our privacy practices or wish to exercise any of the rights above, please contact us by mail at Toshiba America, Inc., 5241 California Avenue, Suite 200, Irvine, CA 92617; or by email at TAI-privacy@toshiba.com.