Menu
Business
Automotive Lighting
IoT & Solutions
Hard Drives, Storage
Quantum-Secure Networking
More
Healthcare
Heavy Ion Therapy Systems 
Industrial
IR Lamps
Oil, Gas
Mining, Minerals
IoT & Solutions
More
Power, Energy
Steam Turbines
Geothermal
Nuclear Power Plants (ABWR)
Hydro Turbine & Generator
More
Retail
POS Systems
Self Checkout
POS Software
POS Printers
More
Semiconductors
Automotive Devices
Storage Products
MOSFETs
Photocouplers
More
Support
Laptops, Tablets
Legacy TV Support
Business, Office Products
Americas
Worldwide
Close
Terms & Conditions
BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
This site is linked to other sites, operated by independent subsidiaries or affiliates of Toshiba America, Inc.
Site Contents
The materials made available in this site, including materials in linked sites directly or indirectly accessible from this site, are provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, or non-infringement. We do not warrant that the materials will be error free, nor free of viruses, defamatory, offensive, or other harmful matter. You assume the entire cost of any necessary service, repair, or correction. This site may also include publications with technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. In addition, from time to time changes are made to the information contained in the printed versions of such publications. These corrections and changes may be incorporated into this site at an earlier or later date. 
Third Party Site Links
The materials that can be accessed from linked sites are not maintained by us and we are not responsible for the contents thereof. Any reference to a linked site or any specific third party product or service by name does not constitute or imply its endorsement by us, and you assume all risk with respect to its use.
Liability
Under no circumstances shall we, nor our affiliates, staff, agents or suppliers, be liable for any damages, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, consequential, or other damages (including without limitation lost profits, lost revenues, or similar economic loss), whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, arising out of the use or inability to use the materials available in this site or any linked site, even if we are advised of the possibility thereof, nor for any claim by a third party. 
Personal Use And Intellectual Property Rights
You agree to use this site for lawful purposes only. You may download one copy of the information found on this site on a single computer for your personal, non-commercial internal use only. You shall not copy, use, modify, transmit, distribute, reverse engineer, or in anyway exploit copyrighted or proprietary materials available in this site, except as expressly permitted by the respective owners thereof. Use of any software available for downloading from the site is governed by the terms of the applicable license agreement accompanying or included with the software. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names in this site are the marks of the respective owners, and any unauthorized use thereof is strictly prohibited. 
Toshiba America, Inc. 
Toshiba America, Inc. is a holding company. We neither make nor sell Toshiba brand products in the United States. This site provides listings of a wide range of Toshiba brand products distributed in the United States by our independent subsidiaries or affiliated corporations or LLCs. A partial list of these subsidiaries and their addresses can be found by clicking here. 
To Top
This website collects your IP address and uses cookies to deliver you content, personalize your experience, and analyze your activity on our website. By selecting "Accept," closing this notice, or continuing to use our website, you agree to such collection and use. For additional information, visit our Privacy Policy.