COMPLEMENTARY SHIPPING & RETURNS
DISCOVER FW24 COLLECTION SALE. SHOP NOW
AVANT LES DEBUTS SPRING 2025 WOMAN'S COLLECTION. SHOP NOW
CHOOSE YOUR GIFT AND SEND IT IN FEW MINUTES. DISCOVER 4GIFT
COMPLEMENTARY SHIPPING & RETURNS
DISCOVER FW24 COLLECTION SALE. SHOP NOW
Discover the sale selection
FOR HER FOR HIM 
Elevate your look with 
Valentino Garavani jewelry
DISCOVER MORE 
Avant Les Débuts
FOR HER 
Discover the sale selection
FOR HER FOR HIM 
Elevate your look with 
Valentino Garavani jewelry
DISCOVER MORE 
HIGHLIGHTS
WOMEN'S BAGS 
WOMEN'S SHOES 
WOMEN'S ACCESSORIES 
MEN'S SHOES 
Valentino Garavani Bowow shoes
With their oversized bow, the Valentino Garavani Bowow shoes express a retro charm. Through different colors and materials, they gracefully complement the looks of the new collection.
DISCOVER MORE
BOWOW SLINGBACK PUMPS IN MOIRÈ FABRIC 45MM
$ 1,190.00
Go to Product Page 
SMALL GIFTS
FOR HER
FOR HIM
DISCOVER MORE
Rendez-Vous ''The Gold'', the new limited edition fragrances of Born in Roma 
Anatomy of Dreams, a Haute Couture perfume collection 
Valentino Pavillon Des Folies Spring/Summer 2025 fashion show 
Sign up to receive the Valentino newsletter
Sign up Invalid email address Email address is required
Powered by Valentino Copyright 2024 VALENTINO S.p. A., All rights reserved, VAT 05412951005 Vendor information 
All works posted on this site are in compliance with the laws and regulations concerning copyright and related rights. Reproduction, communication and making available to the public, rental and lending, public performance, distribution and dissemination of works, without the authorisation of the right-holders, are prohibited.
Any violation of the obligations set out therein will be prosecuted.
Valentino S.p. A.
Via Filippo Turati, 16/18
Milan 20121, Italy
Email contact
Milan Companies Register tax code/VAT no.: 05412951005
CCIAA/R. E. A. no.: MI, 1577552
Share capital € 193.882.746
Sorry, your email address is not registered for this event. If you require assistance, please contact our Customer Care.
Are you sure you want to remove this item?
EUROPE 
Andorra
Austria
Belgium
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Republic of Moldova
Romania
Russian Federation
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Ukraine
United Kingdom
AMERICA 
Argentina
Canada
Chile
Colombia
United States
AFRICA 
South Africa
Tunisia
ASIA 
China, Mainland
Hong Kong, SAR of China
India
Indonesia
Japan
Malaysia
Oman
Philippines
Singapore
South Korea
Taiwan, China
Thailand
MIDDLE EAST 
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Kuwait
United Arab Emirates
Bahrain
Israel
Turkey
OCEANIA 
Australia
New Zealand
International site (English)
Please be advised that changing your location while shopping will remove all contents from your Shopping Bag. 
This code has already been applied
This code is not valid
The Promotional Code you have entered is invalid
Your Promocode has been applied to all valid items
Your Wish List is full, some items haven't been saved
You have saved {0} products. Adding another product will remove the first one you saved to your Wish List.
Do you want to save this item to your Wish List and remove it from your Shopping Bag?
This item has limited availability and the requested quantity cannot be added to the Shopping Bag
You can select the items you wish to receive in exchange for your return.
Shipping and delivery will not be available on the following days.
Orders can be placed 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
January 1st (New Year's Day)
January 15th (Martin Luther King, Jr. Day)
May 27th (Memorial Day) 
June 19th (Juneteenth)
July 4th (Independence Day)
September 2nd (Labor Day)
November 28th (Thanksgiving Day)
December 25th (Christmas)
We are sorry, at the moment we were unable to fulfill your request. You can contact our customer service for more support.
Your session has expired. Any information will be cleared.
Items you pre-order are reserved for you, and will be shipped out as soon as they are available. You can find the estimated shipping date in the item page and in your order details.
If you order products that are already in stock together with pre-order items, they will be shipped in separate packages.
The total of the pre-order items will be charged on your chosen payment method after you order in placed. 
Items you pre-order are reserved for you, and will be shipped out as soon as they are available. You can find the estimated shipping date in the item page and in your order details.
If you order products that are already in stock together with pre-order items, they will be shipped in separate packages.
The total of the pre-order items will be charged on your chosen payment method after you order in placed.
We are sorry to inform you that the selected product is out of stock. The product may be available again, you can add it to your wishlist.
After clicking the "Buy with ApplePay" button, you will be redirected to ApplePay to complete your purchase securely.
We are sorry, we are unable to fulfill your request at the moment. Please try again later or click the "GO TO CHECKOUT" button to complete your purchase securely.
After clicking the "PayPal" button, you will be redirected to PayPal to complete your purchase securely.
Please note that Gift options and Pick Up in Boutique are not offered in the PayPal Express Checkout.
FLEXIBLE PAYMENT OPTIONS
Pay now by card.
Pay in 4. Interest-free.
Pay over time with flexible financing.
Sorry, we cannot ship to this address. Please check the information you entered, or choose a different address.
Are you sure you wish to proceed with this operation?
Welcome to the VALENTINO S.p. A. and VALENTINO USA Inc. (together, "VALENTINO", "we", "us", "our") website, located at website_url_lnk (the "Website").
The VALENTINO Group (the collective corporate entity comprising VALENTINO S.p. A. and VALENTINO USA Inc.) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy (the "Policy").
The Policy describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information when you access and visit the Website, even if you do not purchase the products sold on it.
The Policy describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information when you send or receive emails, texts and other electronic messages between you and us ("Electronic Communications").
The Policy describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information when you visit and interact with us at our Stores; or
The Policy describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information when you submit an application for employment with us through the Website.
This Policy does not apply to information collected by us through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or any third party; or
This Policy does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or through the Website.
Please also read the Terms and Conditions of Use, as they contain important information about the security systems used by the Website.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website, and interact with us at our Stores, and exchange Electronic Communications. By accessing or using this Website interacting with us at our Stores, or otherwise interacting with us as provided in this Policy, you agree to this use and handling of the data. This Policy may change from time to time (see '18. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY'), so we encourage you to review it regularly. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes. 
You are visiting a different country/region's version of our site than the location shown by your browser.
Do you want to switch by visiting the Homepage of the country/region you are browsing from?
Enable accessibility