X
As described in our Privacy Statement, we use cookies and other tracking technologies to gather information about you, your device, and how you interact with our website. We use and make such information available to third parties for purposes such as analytics, security, and advertising. In certain cases, you can modify how these technologies are used in our Preference Center by clicking the button below. 
Cookie Settings
We use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, and tags, to gather information about you, your device, and how you interact with our website. Although we do not "sell" this information for money, we engage in routine online activities with third parties in ways that could be considered a "sale," "sharing," or "targeted advertising" as defined under applicable law. You can opt-out of such disclosures by both: submitting an Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising request through our Privacy Portal and disabling the "Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising" toggle below. 
Disabling the "Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising" toggle below will place a cookie on your browser signaling that you have opted out of such online activities. Please note the opt-out cookie only applies to this website and only to the browser and device you are using at the time you make the selection. You will also need to disable the "Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising" toggle on each browser on each device you use, and on each Volkswagen Group website you access.
Disabling the "Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising" toggle below will place a cookie on your browser signaling that you have opted out of such online activities. Please note if you clear cookies on your browser, you will need to disable the "Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising" toggle in the Preference Center from that browser again.
Disabling the "Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising" toggle below will place a cookie on your browser signaling that you have opted out of such online activities. Please note if you have blocked cookies through your browser settings, we will be unable to comply with your Preference Center opt out request.
Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising
Cancel
Confirm My Choices
Menu
Volkswagen
Models
Builder
Electric Vehicles
ID.4
ID. Buzz
ID.7
EV Articles
EV Calculator
Our Values and Actions
Inventory
Certified Used Inventory
Offers
Find A Volkswagen Dealer
Owners and Services
Service and Parts
Tires and Wheels
After Sales Financing
Service Xpress
VW Service+ Program
Accessories
ID.4 Accessories
Atlas Accessories
Atlas Cross Sport Accessories
Tiguan Accessories
GTI Accessories
Jetta Accessories
Jetta GLI Accessories
Taos Accessories
Golf R Accessories
Arteon Accessories
Roadside Assistance
Ownership Benefits
Carefree Coverage
EV Ownership Benefits
Connectivity and Apps
myVW App
Vehicle Software Updates
Connected Services
SiriusXM
About My Vehicle
Owner's Manual
Maintenance and Warranty
Dashboard Lights
Recalls and Service Campaigns
Resources and Tutorials
Financial Services
Explore Financing
How to Apply
Current Customers
Retail Equity
Lease Transition Options
Turn-in Process
Balloon Contract Information
Protect Your Vehicle
FAQs
Community and Brand
VW mission
Our U. S. Soccer Federation Partnership
Lifestyle and Heritage
Our Heritage
75th Anniversary
DriverGear
Contact Us
Information For Emergency Responders
Website Terms of Service
Initial Notice 
Thank you for visiting our Website. Please read carefully the following legal agreement before using this Website. By using this Website, you signify your assent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please disconnect from and do not use this Website. 
List of Restrictions 
Neither the Website nor any element thereof, including, without limitation, text, graphics, images, or other materials, may be copied, repurposed, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or redistributed, except that you may download one copy of such materials to your individual computer solely for your personal, non-commercial use only (which also excludes any use by any governmental, educational, charitable, or other institutional use that is not strictly a personal use by you), provided that all copyright and other proprietary notices appearing on such materials are strictly preserved without any alteration, modification, or obfuscation. With respect to any software downloaded by you from the Website, such software, and all elements thereof, are licensed to you by Volkswagen of America, Inc. for your personal use only. You may not modify or prepare derivative works based upon the Website, or any element thereof, and you may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to access the source code to any software downloaded from the Website. 
Scope of Content 
The products and programs mentioned on the Website are subject to availability. All prices shown are the U. S. Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price ("MSRP") and do not include extra costs, such as, but not limited to, taxes, dealer charges, registration, and transportation. For specific product availability and program information, please visit your local authorized Volkswagen dealer. 
Reservation of Rights 
All rights, titles, and interests in and to this Website are owned by Volkswagen of America, Inc. The Website is protected by United States copyright law and international treaty provisions, including, without limitation, the Berne Convention. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to Volkswagen of America, Inc. In particular, the Volkswagen logo, the word "Volkswagen," all Volkswagen vehicle names, and the Volkswagen advertising slogan are registered trademarks. None of the items mentioned herein may be used without the express written consent of Volkswagen of America, Inc. All rights not expressly licensed hereunder are reserved by Volkswagen of America, Inc. 
Warranty Disclaimers 
The Website and all elements thereof are provided on an "as is" basis without warranty of any kind, express or implied. Volkswagen of America, Inc. makes no representations about the suitability of the information, software, products, and services contained on the Website for any purpose Volkswagen of America, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Volkswagen of America, Inc. does not warrant that the Website will operate or perform in a manner that is uninterrupted or error-free, or that the Website or host server will be maintained free of viruses or other harmful code. Volkswagen of America, Inc. makes no warranties that the information presented on the Website is current, up-to-date, or accurate. Some states and jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, so the above limitation may not apply to you. The foregoing shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. 
Liability Limitations 
Under no circumstance and regardless of legal theory, whether in tort, contract, or otherwise, will Volkswagen of America, Inc. be liable to you or any other party for an indirect, special, incidental, reliance, or consequential damages, however caused and regardless of character, including, without limitation, any damages relating to lost data, computer failure or malfunctioning, or otherwise. Some states and jurisdictions do not allow the limitation of liability for consequential or indirect damages, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you. The foregoing shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. You agree to this allocation of risk in relation to your use of the Website. 
Zip Code Detection 
You acknowledge and consent to the Website collecting your IP address via IP sniffing and mapping your IP address to a Zip code through a third-party database. 
Do Not Track Signals 
Some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track preferences. Most of these features, when turned on, send signals to the website you are visiting that you do not wish to collection and use of data regarding your online searching and browsing activities. As there is not yet a common understanding on how to interpret the DNT signal, we currently do not respond to DNT signals on our site. 
Links to Third Parties' Websites 
This Website may contain hyperlinks, which links you to other documents or Websites that are operated by third parties other than Volkswagen of America, Inc. Such hyperlinks are provided solely for your reference. Volkswagen of America, Inc. does not control such websites and is not responsible for their contents. Volkswagen of America, Inc.'s inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. Accordingly, you agree to hold harmless Volkswagen of America, Inc., its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and the shareholders, officers, directors, employees, and agents of any of them against and from and against any and all claims, demands, judgments, costs, liabilities, expenses (including attorneys' fees), and damages arising out of claims resulting from hyperlinking, including, without limitation, any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by you of these terms of service. 
Limit to Users Modification of These Terms of Service 
This Website is presented by Volkswagen of America, Inc. from within the United States, and Volkswagen of America, Inc. makes no representation that materials in the Website are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States or Canada. Neither the Website, nor any underlying information or technology, may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported into, or to a national or resident of, any country to which the United States has embargoed goods (for example, Cuba, Iran, Iraq) or to anyone on the U. S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nations or the U. S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. By downloading or using any element of the Website, you are agreeing to the foregoing and you are certifying that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list. In addition, you are responsible for complying with any and all local laws in your jurisdiction that may impact your right to use the Website. 
General Terms of Service 
This Agreement shall be deemed to include all other notices, policies, disclaimers, and other terms contained in this Website; provided, however, that in the event of a conflict between such other terms and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control.
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the Commonwealth of Virginia, U. S. A. and shall be interpreted, and the rights and liabilities of the parties hereto determined in accordance with the law of the Commonwealth of Virginia, U. S. A., without regard to conflicts of law principles. The parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts for the County of Fairfax, Virginia, U. S. A. for the determination of any claim or controversy between the parties and arising out of or relating to this Agreement and waive any objections as to personal jurisdiction or as to the laying of venue in such courts due to inconvenient forum or any other basis.
You acknowledge that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Volkswagen of America, Inc. as a result of this Agreement or use of this Website. You agree not to hold yourself out as a representative, agent, or employee of Volkswagen of America, Inc. and Volkswagen of America, Inc. shall not be liable for any representation, act, or omission made by you.
Volkswagen of America, Inc.'s performance of this Agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this Agreement is in derogation of Volkswagen of America, Inc.'s right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of this Website or information provided to or gathered by Volkswagen of America, Inc. with respect to such use.
If any part of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in effect.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you as a user of the Website and Volkswagen of America, Inc. with respect to this Website and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and Volkswagen of America, Inc. with respect to this Website. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. 
Indemnification 
As a condition of use of this Website, you agree to indemnify Volkswagen of America, Inc., its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and the shareholders, officers, directors, employees, and agents of any of them against and from and against any and all claims, demands, judgments, costs, liabilities, expenses (including attorneys' fees), and damages arising out of claims resulting from your use of this Website, including, without limitation, any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by you of these terms of service. 
Airbags 
Airbags are supplemental restraints only and will not deploy under all accident circumstances. Always use safety belts, and seat children only in the rear, using restraints that are appropriate for their size and age. 
Claims of Copyright Violations and Agent for Notice 
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located (e.g., URL), with enough detail that we may find it
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: Your address, telephone number, and email address 
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf
Any notification by a copyright owner or a person authorized to act on its behalf that fails to comply with requirements of the DMCA shall not be considered sufficient notice and shall not be deemed to confer upon us actual knowledge of facts or circumstances from which infringing material or acts are evident.
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice with our copyright agent. You should be aware that there can be penalties for false claims under the DMCA.
Our Agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows by email vW. CopyrightAgent@wundermanthompson.comOpens a mail link
Please note that, due to security concerns, attachments cannot be accepted. Accordingly, any notification of infringement submitted electronically with an attachment will not be received or processed. 
Social Media House Rules 
We're honored that you're a Volkswagen fan, and we look forward to hearing what you have to say. To ensure a positive online experience for the entire community, we may monitor and remove certain postings. "Play nice and have fun" is the short version of our rules. What follows is the longer version of rules for posts, communications and general behavior on Volkswagen social media sites: The following should not be posted on Volkswagen social media channels: Unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam)
We're honored that you're a Volkswagen fan, and we look forward to hearing what you have to say. To ensure a positive online experience for the entire community, we may monitor and remove certain postings. "Play nice and have fun" is the short version of our rules. What follows is the longer version of rules for posts, communications and general behavior on Volkswagen social media sites: The following should not be posted on Volkswagen social media channels: Viruses or other malicious code
We're honored that you're a Volkswagen fan, and we look forward to hearing what you have to say. To ensure a positive online experience for the entire community, we may monitor and remove certain postings. "Play nice and have fun" is the short version of our rules. What follows is the longer version of rules for posts, communications and general behavior on Volkswagen social media sites: The following should not be posted on Volkswagen social media channels: Content meant to bully, intimidate or harass any user
We're honored that you're a Volkswagen fan, and we look forward to hearing what you have to say. To ensure a positive online experience for the entire community, we may monitor and remove certain postings. "Play nice and have fun" is the short version of our rules. What follows is the longer version of rules for posts, communications and general behavior on Volkswagen social media sites: The following should not be posted on Volkswagen social media channels: Content that is hateful, threatening, discriminatory, pornographic, or that contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence
We're honored that you're a Volkswagen fan, and we look forward to hearing what you have to say. To ensure a positive online experience for the entire community, we may monitor and remove certain postings. "Play nice and have fun" is the short version of our rules. What follows is the longer version of rules for posts, communications and general behavior on Volkswagen social media sites: The following should not be posted on Volkswagen social media channels: Unconstructive, negative or derogatory comments 
We're honored that you're a Volkswagen fan, and we look forward to hearing what you have to say. To ensure a positive online experience for the entire community, we may monitor and remove certain postings. "Play nice and have fun" is the short version of our rules. What follows is the longer version of rules for posts, communications and general behavior on Volkswagen social media sites: The following should not be posted on Volkswagen social media channels: Competitor material such as pictures, videos, or site link
We're honored that you're a Volkswagen fan, and we look forward to hearing what you have to say. To ensure a positive online experience for the entire community, we may monitor and remove certain postings. "Play nice and have fun" is the short version of our rules. What follows is the longer version of rules for posts, communications and general behavior on Volkswagen social media sites: The following should not be posted on Volkswagen social media channels: Links to purchase aftermarket products, parts, or any other unapproved commerce
We're honored that you're a Volkswagen fan, and we look forward to hearing what you have to say. To ensure a positive online experience for the entire community, we may monitor and remove certain postings. "Play nice and have fun" is the short version of our rules. What follows is the longer version of rules for posts, communications and general behavior on Volkswagen social media sites: The following should not be posted on Volkswagen social media channels: Content that infringes or violates someone else's rights or otherwise violates the law
We're honored that you're a Volkswagen fan, and we look forward to hearing what you have to say. To ensure a positive online experience for the entire community, we may monitor and remove certain postings. "Play nice and have fun" is the short version of our rules. What follows is the longer version of rules for posts, communications and general behavior on Volkswagen social media sites: The following should not be posted on Volkswagen social media channels: Personal, sensitive or financial information on this page (this includes but is not limited to email addresses, phone numbers, etc.)
We're honored that you're a Volkswagen fan, and we look forward to hearing what you have to say. To ensure a positive online experience for the entire community, we may monitor and remove certain postings. "Play nice and have fun" is the short version of our rules. What follows is the longer version of rules for posts, communications and general behavior on Volkswagen social media sites: The following should not be posted on Volkswagen social media channels: Repeat postings of unconstructive comments/statements
We're honored that you're a Volkswagen fan, and we look forward to hearing what you have to say. To ensure a positive online experience for the entire community, we may monitor and remove certain postings. "Play nice and have fun" is the short version of our rules. What follows is the longer version of rules for posts, communications and general behavior on Volkswagen social media sites: The following should not be posted on Volkswagen social media channels: Unlawful or misleading posts
All posts must be made by people ages 18 or older, unless posted with permission from parent or legal guardian.
If you are affiliated with Volkswagen (employee, agency, incentivized blogger/brand ambassador, etc.), you should identify yourself as such.
You may submit video content, links to third party websites, photographs and text, but you must have rights to this content. If you don't own it, don't post it.
Volkswagen staff reserves the right to remove any postings deemed to be inappropriate or in violation of these rules. 
Twitter Giveaways 
The following rules apply to all giveaways hosted by Volkswagen's Official Twitter Channel (@VW) unless specific giveaway rules are provided or otherwise stated.
No purchase necessary to participate or win. Void where prohibited by law. Open to legal U. S. residents, except employees and the families of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, dealers and agencies ("Sponsor") Though Twitter is not involved in or affiliated with the Contest, Twitter's terms and conditions apply to all Tweets and use of Twitter.
Entry method stated in Tweet. Entry period ends at date and time stated in Tweet. Prizes listed in Tweet. Number of prizes is one unless otherwise listed in Tweet. Winners will be chosen in a random drawing from all eligible entries received by Sponsor or its designated agent, whose determinations are final. Winners will be notified by Tweet and must respond within 24 hours or another winner may be chosen. Odds of winning depend on number of eligible entries received. No cash substitutions for prizes and prizes are non-refundable and non-transferable except at sole discretion of Sponsor. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute prize of equal or greater value.
By entering you agree to Sponsor's use of your Tweet, Twitter icon and Tweet handle for promotional purposes without compensation. Winner's name, likeness, Tweets, Twitter icon and Tweet handles may be used for promotional purposes without additional compensation unless prohibited by law.
Winners release Sponsor and its agents from all claims and damages associated with the use of the prize. Subject to all federal, state and local laws. Void where prohibited or restricted by law. Sponsor: Volkswagen Group of America, Inc..
Facebook Giveaways 
The following rules apply to all giveaways hosted by Volkswagen's Official Facebook Channel (Volkswagen USA) unless specific giveaway rules are provided or otherwise stated.
No purchase necessary to participate or win. Void where prohibited by law. Open to legal U. S. residents, except employees and the families of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, dealers and agencies ("Sponsor") Though Facebook is not involved in or affiliated with the Contest, Facebook's terms and conditions apply to all messages, posts and use of Facebook.
Entry method stated in post. Entry period ends at date and time stated in post. Prizes listed in post. Number of prizes is one unless otherwise listed in post. Winners will be chosen in a random drawing from all eligible entries received by Sponsor or its designated agent, whose determinations are final. Winners will be notified by Comment and must respond within 24 hours or another winner may be chosen. Odds of winning depend on number of eligible entries received. No cash substitutions for prizes and prizes are non-refundable and non-transferable except at sole discretion of Sponsor. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute prize of equal or greater value.
By entering you agree to Sponsor's use of your Facebook post, Facebook picture and Facebook address for promotional purposes without compensation. Winner's name, likeness, posts, pictures and icon may be used for promotional purposes without additional compensation unless prohibited by law.
Winners release Sponsor and its agents from all claims and damages associated with the use of the prize. Subject to all federal, state and local laws. Void where prohibited or restricted by law. Sponsor: Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. 
myVW Terms of Service 
Effective as of June 6, 2024 
Highlights 
Below for your convenience is a short summary of these "Terms of Service" set forth in this agreement. These highlights are not a substitute for the complete Terms of Service below, which constitute a legally binding agreement. Please review the full Terms of Service for details regarding your use of the Service (defined in Terms below).
You will only use the Service in compliance with these Terms of Service (and will ensure the same for additional users).
You will use your Vehicle in a safe and legal manner when using the Service.
We may suspend, modify, or terminate the Service at any time, and you will not be entitled to a refund.
You may cancel the Service at any time, and you will not be entitled to a refund.
You cannot transfer the Service to another person or another Vehicle without our prior consent, use it for commercial purposes, or re-sell it.
You are responsible for maintaining your Vehicle (as defined below) in good working order so that the Service can be provided.
You may not use the Service for illegal, fraudulent, or abusive purposes.
Information collected to provide the Service will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Statement.
The Terms of Service for Volkswagen Car-Net and Volkswagen Credit Inc. (or other Volkswagen designated financial services provider) are separate, and you are responsible for compliance with either or both when using the respective offerings.
The terms and conditions for service or use of any product, service, or offering provided directly from any Service Partners (as defined below) are separate, and we are not bound or responsible for them, though we encourage review of all applicable terms and conditions.
The Service is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, and can be limited or discontinued entirely because of technological changes.
We may update or modify the software used to provide the Service at any time although we are not under any obligation to update or modify such software, and we may do this remotely without notifying you or seeking your consent.
If a dispute arises, it will be resolved through arbitration and not through a jury trial or class action lawsuit.
By accepting the Terms of Service during our sign-up process or accessing or using the Service, you are indicating that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the Terms of Service set forth below.
We can modify these Terms of Service at any time, and such modifications will become effective and accepted by you upon the earlier of our posting on the website, your continued use of the Service, or following direct notice communication of the modifications to you.
Terms of Service 
These Terms of Service govern your use of the myVW services (the capabilities of which may vary by vehicle model and model year), including account management (such as Volkswagen financial payments, add-on plan detail, and dealer information); vehicle details (such as videos & guides, service scheduling, warranty information, and personalized accessories); and offers, as well as managing your access to the Volkswagen Car-Net services (together, the "Service") available with your Volkswagen vehicle (your "Vehicle") and the hardware and software in your Vehicle ("Equipment"). Volkswagen Car-Net and Volkswagen Credit Inc., while accessible and manageable through myVW, are governed by separate Terms of Service available at hereOpens an external link and hereOpens an external link.
The Service is provided to you, the Vehicle owner, lessee, or driver ("you" or "your") by Volkswagen of America, Inc. ("VWoA," "we," or "us"), an operating division of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. ("VWGoA"). These Terms of Service set forth the agreement between you and VWoA with respect to the Service and are legally binding. When you accept the Terms of Service during the earlier of completing our sign-up process or when you access or use the Service, you are indicating that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Once you accept these Terms of Service, you are responsible for your own compliance with these Terms of Service and for compliance by occupants of your Vehicle and anyone using the Service or your account, whether or not authorized by you. In addition, your use of the Service is subject to the VWoA Privacy Statement. The current version of the VWoA Privacy Statement is available on VW.com. The parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates of VWoA, including but not limited to Volkswagen AG (together with VWoA, the "Volkswagen Companies") are third-party beneficiaries under these Terms of Service and the protections set forth in these Term of Service, including without limitation, the disclaimers of warranties and limitations of liability, shall extend to them.
Visit website_url_lnk
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONSTITUTE A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND US. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.
PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US ARE RESOLVED, WHICH INCLUDE AN AGREEMENT TO SUBMIT ANY DISPUTE RELATED TO THE SERVICES OR THESE TERMS OF SERVICE TO BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN PROCEEDINGS IN COURT. THESE TERMS ALSO INCLUDE A JURY TRIAL WAIVER AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER, WHICH MEANS YOU AGREE NOT TO HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY AND NOT TO PROCEED WITH ANY DISPUTE AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION. PLEASE SEE SECTION 15 OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE FOR FURTHER INFORMATION.
Changes to Terms of Service 
We can change the Services at any time. We may also modify or update these Terms of Service from time to time, and in the event of a change, will notify you of such change by posting amended terms on the myVW website or otherwise communicating notice of such changes to the email address you list with your myVW account. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service periodically. Continued use of the Service will constitute acceptance of any change. But you may cancel your Services through your myVW account and terminate these Terms of Service by providing notice of termination to us within 30 days after we have given notice of a material change to these Terms of Service. 
Registering with Us 
In order to use the full features of the Service you will be required to create a myVW account at website_url_lnk When you create an account, you must provide accurate and complete information; keep your account and password secure and not disclose them to anyone; and notify us immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Service or account using the contact information in Section 16 of these Terms of Service. You will be solely responsible for all activity in your account.
As a part of setting up your myVW account, you acknowledge and agree that you will need to accept or sign a contract that incorporates these Terms of Service on your own behalf or by authorizing your independent VWoA-authorized dealership ("Volkswagen Dealer"), your Volkswagen Customer CARE agent, or another individual, who will be the primary driver of the Vehicle, to act on your behalf. 
When you register with us, you agree for your contact information to be used for: recall and open campaign notification; survey invitations; marketing communications; service reminders and other dealer service marketing; or other purposes described in the VWoA Privacy Statement. In addition, you agree for us to allow Volkswagen Customer CARE and Volkswagen Dealers to access your information in order to understand your purchase, support, and service history with the Volkswagen brand; Customer CARE or a Volkswagen Dealer may contact you based on this information; you may determine which Volkswagen Dealer can view your information by updating your Preferred Dealer in you myVW account. At any time, you may opt out of marketing communications or phone contact by updating your communication preferences in your myVW account; or contacting Volkswagen Customer CARE.
In addition, as the owner of a Volkswagen vehicle, you can activate Volkswagen Car-Net connected vehicle services within your myVW account to utilize available Car-Net services and add additional vehicle users. Acceptance of the separate Car-Net Terms of ServiceOpens an external link is required in order to use the Car-Net services. In addition, use of Car-Net services requires completion of the Car-Net activation and verification process.
Create a myVW account
Selecting Your Preferred Dealer 
After you have created a myVW account, you can select your preferred dealer. This will: enable you to schedule service with that dealer from your myVW account; populate offers from that dealer in your myVW account; inform which dealer is listed on email communications from VWoA; govern which dealer has access to your vehicle information; and determine which dealer will send you service communications, such as service reminders, coordinated by VWoA.
Use of Your Vehicle Identification Number 
When you provide your Vehicle Identification Number , you agree that VWoA can use this to provide you with information in your myVW account related to your vehicle; this information includes, but is not limited to: service history; warranty coverage status; carefree maintenance status; roadside assistance coverage status; VW Care maintenance status; over-the-air update reports; and multi-point inspection reports.
Accessing Your VCI Account Through myVW 
After you have created a myVW account, you can use the myVW web portal to access your Volkswagen Credit, Inc. information and manage your account, such as accessing your balance, paying your bills, and setting up automatic payments. While viewable from your myVW portal, the information in your VCI account will not be shared with VWoA and its affiliates. All VCI data will be governed by the VCI Privacy Statement and VCI Terms of Service found at website_url_lnk an external link and website_url_lnk an external link
Learn more about the VCI Privacy PolicyOpens an external link
Termination, Suspension, Reactivation, Change and Transfer of Service
Our Rights to Suspend or Terminate the Service 
We can decide to either suspend or terminate the Service without warning, or issue a warning, at any time for any reason in our discretion, including for network or system maintenance, improvement, congestion, or failure; for Equipment failure or malfunction; or if we suspect your Service (in whole or in part) is being used for any unauthorized or inappropriate purpose, as a result of your breach of these Terms of Service or for reasons unrelated to you or your account with us. If suspension or termination of the Service occurs for any reason, you acknowledge and agree that you may not be able to access the Service, including the emergency services. If we elect to terminate your Services (in whole or in part) as a result of your breach of these Terms of Service or unauthorized use of the Services or Equipment or any other reason, you will not be entitled to any refunds or credits. In addition, if we are advised by your financing company or any Volkswagen Company that you no longer own or lease your Vehicle, we may terminate your Service. 
Availability of the Service is also subject to certain technologies or services (provided outside our control) remaining commercially available for the Service period (including technologies provided by Wireless Service Providers), and such availability is not guaranteed or subject to any warrant coverage. Please consult your Vehicle's warranty documentation for more information on warranty coverages and important limitations and exclusions. 
Your Right to Cancel the Service 
You may cancel the Service at any time by deleting your myVW account, but certain Services may continue until the expiration of your current paid subscription plans. Please refer to your myVW account for more information.
Reactivation of Service 
If you voluntarily delete your myVW account, you can create another myVW account at any time. However, if your myVW account was terminated or suspended by us, you do not have any right to have your Service reactivated, even if you cure any of the issues that resulted in the termination or suspension of your Service. It is solely our decision as to whether to allow you to have Service again.
Transfer of Service, Sale of Vehicle, and Termination of Lease 
If you sell your Vehicle or terminate your lease, you must delete the vehicle from your myVW account. We may communicate with you about the Service by providing you with messages through the Equipment in your Vehicle. If you fail to notify us of a sale or transfer of your Vehicle or termination of your lease, we may continue to send messages to the Equipment in your Vehicle. We are not responsible for any privacy related damages that you or others may suffer as a result of such a failure to notify us of a sale or transfer of your Vehicle.
Authority to Use, Terminate, Change or Transfer Your Service 
We will only accept requests from you (or from someone we believe is you, or someone with your authorization, such as your authorized agent) to use, activate, cancel, change, reactivate, or transfer the Service. You agree that we can assume that anyone who provides your registration information is authorized to act on your behalf, and that we shall have no responsibility or liability for anything that may arise from our providing of any services to, or acting upon instructions from any such individual, even if such individual is not, in fact, authorized by you to use the Service or your account. You should notify us immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Service or account using the contact information in Section 16 of these Terms of Service.
Your Responsibilities
Your Responsibility for the Proper Operation of Your Vehicle and Proper Use of the Service 
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE USE OF OR ANY RELIANCE UPON ANY INFORMATION OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE IS SOLELY AND COMPLETELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND RESPONSIBILITY. IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT YOU (AND/OR ANY OTHER OCCUPANT OF YOUR VEHICLE) FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS FOR USE OF THE SERVICE AND EXERCISE GOOD JUDGMENT AND OBEY TRAFFIC AND ALL OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS, WHEN OPERATING YOUR VEHICLE; USING THE EQUIPMENT AND SERVICE; AND/OR EVALUATING WHETHER THE USE OF ANY OF THE SERVICE (OR THE ROUTING AND DIRECTION DATA YOU RECEIVE) IS SAFE AND LEGAL UNDER THE CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Your Responsibility for Insuring Your Vehicle 
The Service is provided to you as a convenience. The Service does not constitute insurance and you should not rely on it to limit the potential for loss, theft, or damage to your Vehicle or property. You are solely responsible for obtaining and maintaining any and all insurance for your Vehicle, your passengers, and your property. No insurance company or insurer will be entitled to any right of subrogation against us or our Service Partners. 
Your Responsibility for Maintaining Your Vehicle 
In order for us to provide the Service, the Equipment in your Vehicle must be in good working order and your Vehicle must have a working electrical system and adequate battery power. The Service may not work if you try to modify the Equipment or add any equipment or software in or to your Vehicle that is not expressly authorized by us or is not compatible with the Equipment or Service. You may need to adjust your use of other Vehicle features, such as adjusting the volume of your radio to hear the audio portions of the Service. You are solely responsible for the proper maintenance of your Vehicle and its systems (including the Equipment) and for keeping them in good working order and in compliance with these Terms of Service and all applicable laws. 
No Illegal, Fraudulent or Abusive Use of the Service 
You may not use the Equipment, the Service, the myVW portal on vw.com, or the myVW mobile application in any way that is illegal, fraudulent, or abusive, including to harass, threaten, abuse, defame, or slander, any individual or entity. You may use our emergency services only for actual emergencies and legitimate vehicle assistance needs. You may not use the Service in a manner that interferes with any other customer's use of our Service or our provision of our Service to our other customers. You agree you will not abuse or do anything to damage our or any of our Service Partners' respective business, operations, services, reputation, employees, equipment, property, or facilities. You further agree that you will not harass, threaten, or use vulgar and inappropriate language towards any customer service representatives. 
No Commercial Use or Resale of the Service 
The Service, including the messages, data, information, content, or other material provided as part of the Service, are provided only for your non-commercial use, and not for re-sale. Certain information you receive through the Service belongs to us or our Service Partners (or other third parties) and may be subject to one or more copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, or other legal protections. You may not (and may not permit or cause any other party to) sell or resell or otherwise use the Service or any information provided through the Service for commercial purposes, nor may you reproduce, copy, modify, attempt to reverse engineer, make derivative works from, or otherwise display or distribute information provided through the Service. 
No Rights to Telephone Numbers or Other Addresses 
You have no property right in any number address or other communication identifier that may be assigned to you or to the Equipment in connection with the Service. Any such number, address, or identifier may be changed from time to time. 
Your Responsibility for Others Who Use Your Vehicle 
You are solely responsible for those who use the Service in your Vehicle or use of your authentication information, even if you later claim the use was not authorized, and you will be responsible and promptly pay for any charges arising from such use, and any damages to or expenses incurred by us or any of our Service Partners as a result of such use. Neither we nor any Service Partner has any obligation to inquire about the authority of anyone using your Vehicle or other information that can be used to identify your account to request, modify, or use the Service for your Vehicle. You are responsible for the security of any passwords you use to access the Service. We will make any changes to your account or charge you for any amounts authorized by a person who provides your authentication information. 
Contact Information 
It is your sole responsibility to ensure that we have the most up-to-date and accurate contact information for you at all times. (i.e., email address, mailing address, mobile phone number). Any notice we send you will be sent to your last known residence or electronic mail address as shown on our records. Any written notice from us will be considered given when we send it by email to the email address you have provided to us that is then in our records, or two days after we mail it to you at the most current billing address we have on file for you. Any oral notices will be considered given when we call you or when you call us toll-free at 1 (800) 822-8987Opens a phone link to speak with a live customer service representative. 
Protecting Login Credentials 
It is your sole responsibility to safeguard your authentication information and not share it with any third-party for use in accessing your online account. Neither we nor any Service Partner has any obligation to inquire about the authority of anyone using your Vehicle or other information that can be used to identify your account to request, modify, or use the Service for your Vehicle. 
You are responsible for the security of any passwords you use to access the Service. We will make any changes to your account or charge you for any amounts authorized by a person who provides your authentication information. 
SHARING YOUR AUTHENTICATION INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES IS NOT PERMITTED BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND MAY LEAD TO A BREACH OF YOUR PRIVACY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR LOCATION AND DRIVING HISTORY INFORMATION, AND YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. ADDITIONALLY, SHARING YOUR AUTHENTICATION INFORMATION MAY LEAD TO YOUR LOSS OF CONTROL OF THE VEHICLE'S CONNECTED SERVICES. We and our Service Partners reserve the right to limit or discontinue service if we suspect that your authentication information is being used by a third party, even if you intentionally shared your authentication information.
Use of Certain Service Features 
Please see the separate Volkswagen Car-Net Terms of ServiceOpens an external link to understand specific connected vehicles services and features, such as locating a lost or stolen Vehicle, emergency assistance, and service and content providers.
How the Service Works, Our Service Partners, Restrictions and Limitations
Our Service Partners 
We work with many different affiliated or third-party companies, individuals, and government entities to provide you with the Service. These parties are collectively referred to in these Terms of Service as our "Service Partners" and may include providers of the wireless networks on which the Service relies ("Wireless Service Providers"), emergency response service providers ("Response Providers"), and content providers ("Content Providers"). In some cases, one or more of the Volkswagen Companies may be a Service Partner. In the event that any of our Service Partners impose additional terms and conditions on the services they provide, by accessing such services you agree to comply with any additional terms and conditions imposed by them, which will be available on the myVW website. Some of our Service Partners may use your personal information for their own purposes. We are not responsible for these Service Partners' practices. For more information on how these Service Partners use your information, please review their privacy statements. 
Software 
We use software in connection with the Service. We (or our Service Partners) own or have rights to all such software, and you do not acquire any rights in such software other than the right to use such software as reasonably necessary for you to use the Service as may be further specified and permitted as a part of your Service Plan and these Terms of Service. We (or our Service Partners) may update or modify the software contained in your Vehicle's systems or the Equipment from time to time but are not under any obligation to update such software. We may do this through in-dealership service or remotely (over-the-air) without notifying you or seeking your consent. But we do not guarantee that your Vehicle's systems or Equipment will receive updates. If installed, these software updates and modifications may affect or erase data that you have previously stored on the Equipment in your Vehicle (such as specific route or destination information). We are not responsible for any lost or erased (or otherwise affected) data, information, or content and you are solely responsible for the data, information, and content that you may have downloaded, uploaded, transmitted, or otherwise stored from, to, on, or through the Equipment or Service. 
Points of Interest 
The Service may use various, connected third-party services and Content Providers to make it easier to search for numerous points of interest ("POI"), e.g., charging stations, fuel prices, parking information, weather, travel information, train information, flight information, restaurant search, hotel search, and other available information through the browsing capabilities of the Vehicle's systems or Equipment. In connection with this search feature, your Vehicle's systems or Equipment may send various data or categories of data to us or our Service Partners. You may also receive an "offer icon" next to certain POIs that you search for indicating that special offers and promotions are available. Please review your Vehicle manual for more information. See also below for more information about our privacy practices. 
Events Beyond Our Control 
Various conditions beyond our control may prevent or delay us from providing Service to you or affect or limit the quality of the Service. Some examples are atmospheric, geographic, or topographic conditions (such as tall buildings, hills, or tunnels), damage to or failure to maintain your Vehicle or the Equipment in good working order, government laws, rules, or regulations, failure, congestion, or outages of utility or wireless networks (including interruption of cellular service or interference from multiple connected mobile devices), war, an act of God, natural disasters, inclement weather, and labor strikes. In the event of any of the foregoing, we may, in our discretion, suspend or terminate the Service (in whole or in part) or terminate your Service Plan, without notice to you and without any additional liability. We are also not responsible for delay or failure in providing Service due to conditions beyond our control and you are not entitled to credit or a refund as a result of any such delay or failure. 
In the event of any regulatory, governmental, or other legally-compelled changes, or discontinuation or change of necessary telecommunications systems and services (e.g., if our Wireless Service Provider terminates or restricts wireless services of the type used by your Vehicle's Equipment), we are not responsible for designing, developing, or making available any replacement Equipment to allow you to continue to receive the Service. However, if we or any third party does make replacement Equipment available, you are solely responsible for replacing, as well as the cost of replacing, any Equipment that is necessitated as a result of such change or discontinuation, except that if such change occurs during your Vehicle's base warranty period, while you will still be responsible for the cost of such replacement, we will be responsible for obtaining and providing you with the necessary replacement materials (if applicable). 
Voice Recognition 
Voice recognition software, which may be able to recognize different voices, accents, speech patterns, and words, may be used in connection with the Service. We do not represent or guarantee that such software will recognize or work with your or others' voices, accents, or speech patterns, or recognize some or all words, some or all of the time. 
Additionally, the voice recognition software may integrate products or services that use artificial intelligence tools, including but not limited to ChatGPT or similar third-party service providers, to supplement the voice recognition and voice command capabilities of the Service ("AI Features"). You acknowledge that your use of such features will also be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable AI Features, and you assume all risks associated with the use of any AI Features that are incorporated into the Service. You also acknowledge that as a result of the Service's use of AI Features, the output provided via the Service's voice command capability may not be completely accurate, error-free, or up to date. You therefore acknowledge and agree that the use of the AI Features and that any actions taken or reliance on such features, are at your own risk. Additionally, you acknowledge that the AI Features may not dynamically (in "real time") retrieve information and that, consequently, the output provided to you may not account for events, updates, or other facts that have occurred or become available after the AI Features were trained. In addition, you agree to not use the AI Features in a way that compromises the safety of others including but not limited to any unsafe uses while operating your Vehicle, or use that is not in compliance with applicable laws. 
Push and Mobile Device Notifications 
The Service may offer push notification or other mobile communication capabilities. In particular, when you install the myVW mobile application, you agree to receive notifications, including push notifications, from us on your device. We may contact you by push notification to send you additional information about myVW, the Service, your Vehicle, marketing communications, or other services and information. You acknowledge and consent to receiving messages or push notifications from myVW and even when you are not actively using the myVW mobile application. You may choose whether or not to continue receiving push notifications by adjusting your device's settings. 
We advise against using any hand-held device, including viewing of any mobile device push notifications, while driving or otherwise operating your Vehicle or any vehicle. 
User-Generated Content 
You may be permitted to upload images through the Services, including the option of customizing your vehicle user profile with use of your own profile photo or image. Only you are permitted to create and edit your profile picture if it contains your name or likeness. 
When you upload content, you grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free license to use and incorporate into any of our software, Services, or other products, and to copy, modify, adapt, reproduce, create derivative works based upon, publicly display, publicly perform, and distribute your content. You are solely responsible for all your user content and for any associated rights clearance. You represent and warrant that: you own all your user content or you have all rights that are necessary to grant us the license rights in your user content under these Terms of Service; and neither your user content, nor your use and provision of your user content to be made available through the Services, nor any use of your user content by us on or through the Services will infringe, misappropriate, or violate a third party's intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy, include offensive, obscene, or hateful content, spoof or misuse the identify of another person, or result in the violation of any other applicable law or regulation. You can remove your user content by deleting it. We have the right to remove, disallow, block, or delete any content which in our sole opinion is defamatory of any person, obscene, discriminatory, offensive, pornographic, hateful, inflammatory, objectionable, or which may expose us or our Service Providers to any harm or liability of any type.
Collection and Use of Your Vehicle and Subscriber Data 
For information on our data collection, sharing, and use practices, please refer to the VWoA Privacy Statement, available through website_url_lnk an external link, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Learn more about PrivacyOpens an external link
Disclaimer of Warranties 
NEITHER WE NOR OUR SERVICE PARTNERS WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THAT SERVICE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY SPECIFIC TIME OR AT ALL TIMES OR TO ANY GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION, OR THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE PROVIDED WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, DELAY, OR ERROR. NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR SERVICE PARTNERS MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE EQUIPMENT OR ANY OTHER HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE USED WITH THE SERVICE, THE SERVICE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR ANY DATA, CONTENT, OR INFORMATION (INCLUDING ANY POI) OR OTHER SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE. THIS INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF SECURITY, TITLE, CONTENT, QUALITY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE. ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
The only warranties applicable to the Equipment in your Vehicle are those extended as part of your purchase or lease of your Vehicle. Such warranty does not cover the Service, in whole or in part.
Limitation of Liability 
BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR BY USING THE EQUIPMENT OR SERVICE, YOU ARE WAIVING CERTAIN RIGHTS, AND YOU ARE PROVIDING YOUR EXPRESS CONSENT TO VARIOUS ACTIONS TO BE TAKEN BY US, VOLKSWAGEN COMPANIES AND OUR SERVICE PARTNERS (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN).
Neither we, nor any Volkswagen Company nor our Service Partners assume any risk or responsibility for your use of the Service, or any of the information or other content (including any POI or third-party advertisement) provided as part of the Service. You acknowledge and agree that neither we, any Volkswagen Company, nor any of our Service Partners are liable for dropped calls or interrupted service, or for problems caused by or contributed to by you, by any third-party, by buildings, hills, tunnels, network congestion, atmospheric conditions, acts of God or natural disaster, or by any other conditions or circumstances out of our control (as further described above in Section 9(e) of these Terms of Service). Neither we nor any Volkswagen Company nor any of our Service Partners assume any responsibility or liability for the use or interpretation of any AI Features integrated into the Service, and we disclaim any liability for damages or losses resulting from the use or reliance on such AI Features.
In addition, neither we, any Volkswagen Company, nor our Service Partners are liable: for our inability to contact any Service Partner or other party in any particular situation (including any emergency personnel); for any act or omission of any other company furnishing a part of our Service or any Equipment provided for such Service; for errors or omissions of any vendors, dealers or manufacturers participating in offers or advertisements made through us; or for any damages that result from or arise out of the use, installation, repair or maintenance by you (or by any person you authorize) of the Equipment or Service, or any product or service provided by or manufactured by third parties.
IF WE, ANY VOLKSWAGEN COMPANY, AND/OR ANY OF OUR SERVICE PARTNERS ARE FOUND TO BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY REASON, YOU AGREE THAT THE MAXIMUM, AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF US, ANY VOLKSWAGEN COMPANY, AND OUR SERVICE PARTNERS TO YOU, AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER ANY THEORY OR FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY FAILURE OR DISRUPTION OF SERVICE PROVIDED UNDER THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, FRAUD, MISREPRESENTATION, BREACH OF CONTRACT, PERSONAL INJURY, OR PRODUCTS LIABILITY), SHALL BE LIMITED TO AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE PORTION OF THE SERVICE RATES CHARGED TO YOU FOR THE SERVICE THAT ARE THE SUBJECT OF THE CLAIM FOR THE PERIOD OF SERVICE DURING WHICH ANY RESULTING DAMAGES OCCURRED. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NEITHER WE, NOR ANY VOLKSWAGEN COMPANY, NOR ANY SERVICE PARTNER WOULD HAVE AGREED TO PROVIDE THE SERVICE OR EQUIPMENT TO YOU WITHOUT YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS LIMITATION. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE DAMAGES CAP SET FORTH IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL BE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY OF US, ANY VOLKSWAGEN COMPANY, AND OUR SERVICE PARTNERS TO YOU.
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, ANY VOLKSWAGEN COMPANY, OR OUR SERVICE PARTNERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR, AND YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, TREBLE, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUE (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER WE, ANY VOLKSWAGEN COMPANY OR OUR SERVICE PARTNERS HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED THAT SUCH LOSS MAY OCCUR); OR ATTORNEY'S FEES. YOU AGREE NOT TO MAKE, AND TO WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, ANY CLAIM FOR DAMAGES OTHER THAN DIRECT, COMPENSATORY DAMAGES AS LIMITED ABOVE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THOSE PARTICULAR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, ANY VOLKSWAGEN COMPANY, OR OUR SERVICE PARTNERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY SERVICE INITIATED WITH YOUR AUTHENTICATION INFORMATION BY A THIRD PARTY.
You understand and agree that the Volkswagen Companies and our other Service Partners, including without limitation the Wireless Service Providers, shall have no legal, equitable, or other liability of any kind to you in any event, regardless of the form of the action, whether for breach of contract, warranty, negligence, strict liability in tort, or otherwise relating to or arising from the Service, and you waive any and all such claims or demands. If any Volkswagen Company or any of our other Service Partners is involved in any problem, you also agree to any limitations of liability that such entity imposes on its customers.
Indemnification; Release 
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless us, each Volkswagen Company and each of our Service Partners, including Wireless Service Providers, and each of our or their respective affiliates, officers, directors, agents, partners, and employees, from and against any and all liabilities, settlements, penalties, claims, causes of action, and demands (including any costs, expenses, or attorneys' fees on account thereof) (collectively "Claims") irrespective of the nature of the cause of such Claims, alleging loss, costs, expenses, damages, or injuries (including without limitation, Claims for libel, slander, or any property damage, personal injury, or death), arising in any way, directly or indirectly, in connection with your (or any occupant of your Vehicle) violation of these Terms of Service or your (or any occupant of your Vehicle) alteration, use counter to instructions, misuse, or failure to use the Service or Equipment.
You agree that the limitations of liability and indemnities in these Terms of Service will survive even after your Service Plan has ended and your Service has terminated. These limitations of liability apply not only to you, but to anyone using your Vehicle, the Equipment, or the Service, to anyone making a claim on your behalf, and to any claims made by your family, employees, customers, or others arising out of or relating to any Service that we or our Service Partners provide or the Equipment.
WITHOUT LIMITATION OF THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, YOU FURTHER AGREE TO RELEASE US, EACH VOLKSWAGEN COMPANY, AND EACH SERVICE PARTNER FROM ALL CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, AND LOSSES IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE AND/OR EQUIPMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CLAIMS FOR DATA COMPROMISE, PERSONAL INJURY, OR PROPERTY DAMAGE ARISING FROM THE TOTAL OR PARTIAL FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE, EVEN IF CAUSED BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF US, ANY VOLKSWAGEN COMPANY, ANY OTHER SERVICE PARTNER, OR THE MALFUNCTION OF THE EQUIPMENT. YOU AGREE THAT THIS RELEASE EXTENDS TO ANY PARTY CLAIMING UNDER YOU AND THAT NO INSURANCE COMPANY WILL HAVE ANY RIGHT OF SUBROGATION.
Dispute Resolution 
YOU AND WE AGREE THAT IN THE EVENT OF ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN US, WE WILL FIRST TRY TO RESOLVE IT BY TALKING WITH EACH OTHER. IF WE ARE UNSUCCESSFUL IN RESOLVING OUR DISPUTES IN THIS MANNER WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME PERIOD, YOU AND VWOA EACH AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW: ANY CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, OR TO ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PROVIDED UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, WILL BE SETTLED BY INDEPENDENT ARBITRATION INVOLVING A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR AND ADMINISTERED BY THE BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU ("BBB") UNDER BBB ARBITRATION RULES, AS MODIFIED BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. BBB RULES AND FEE INFORMATION ARE AVAILABLE FROM US OR THE BBB. ARBITRATION IS NOT A COURT PROCEEDING. THE RULES OF ARBITRATION DIFFER FROM THE RULES OF COURT. THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN AN ARBITRATION PROCEEDING; EVEN IF APPLICABLE LAW PERMITS CLASS ACTIONS OR CLASS ARBITRATIONS, YOU EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PURSUE ON A CLASS BASIS ANY SUCH CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM AGAINST VWOA, ANY VOLKSWAGEN COMPANY, OR ANY OF OUR SERVICE PARTNERS, OR ANY OF OUR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, PARTNERS, LICENSORS, EMPLOYEES, OR PREDECESSORS IN INTEREST. IF MULTIPLE CLAIMS ARE JOINED IN ONE ACTION, SOME OF WHICH WOULD NOT BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION, THE LATTER CLAIMS MUST BE STAYED UNTIL ANY CLAIMS IN THAT ACTION THAT ARE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION HAVE BEEN RESOLVED. IF CLAIMS ARE ASSERTED AGAINST MULTIPLE PARTIES, SOME OF WHOM ARE NOT REQUIRED TO ARBITRATE, THE CLAIMS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION MUST BE SEVERED. HOWEVER, YOU RETAIN YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A COMPLAINT WITH ANY REGULATORY AGENCY OR COMMISSION; NO ARBITRATOR HAS AUTHORITY TO AWARD RELIEF IN EXCESS OF WHAT THESE TERMS OF SERVICE PROVIDE, OR TO ORDER CONSOLIDATION OR CLASS ARBITRATION, EXCEPT THAT AN ARBITRATOR DECIDING A CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO A PRIOR AGREEMENT MAY GRANT AS MUCH SUBSTANTIVE RELIEF ON A NON-CLASS BASIS AS SUCH PRIOR AGREEMENT WOULD PERMIT. IN ALL ARBITRATIONS, THE ARBITRATOR MUST GIVE EFFECT TO APPLICABLE STATUTES OF LIMITATIONS AND WILL DECIDE WHETHER AN ISSUE IS ARBITRABLE OR NOT. IN A LARGE/COMPLEX CASE ARBITRATION, THE ARBITRATORS MUST ALSO APPLY THE FEDERAL RULES OF EVIDENCE AND THE LOSING PARTY MAY HAVE THE AWARD REVIEWED BY A REVIEW PANEL CONSISTING OF THREE ARBITRATORS; AND IN THE EVENT THAT THE FOREGOING ARBITRATION REQUIREMENTS DO NOT APPLY, YOU AND VWOA EACH WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, ANY TRIAL BY JURY AND A JUDGE WILL DECIDE ANY AND ALL DISPUTES.
Contact Information 
You may notify us by postal mail (Volkswagen Customer CARE, 3800 Hamlin Road, Auburn Hills, MI 48326), phone at 1 (800) 822-8987Opens a phone link, or by electronic means (via the myVW websiteOpens an external link). Such notices will be considered effective after we receive them.
Any notice that we send you will be sent to your last known residence or electronic mail address as shown on our records. It is your sole responsibility to ensure that we have the most up-to-date and accurate contact information for you at all times. Any written notice from us will be considered given when we send it by email to the email address that you have provided to us that is then in our records, or two days after we mail it to you at the most current billing address that we have on file for you. Any oral notices will be considered given when we call you or when you call us toll-free at 1 (800) 822-8987Opens a phone link, or you speak with a live customer service representative.
Calls with our customer service representatives, emergency personnel, or the police may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance, issue resolution, maintaining service, training, or promoting or providing services. Our and our Service Partners' customer service representatives may remain on the line while conferencing in a third-party to assist in completing a service request. You (for yourself and your Vehicle's occupants and anyone else acting or using the Service on your behalf): expressly consent to the monitoring and recording activities described herein, and release us and our Service Partners from claims, liabilities, and losses resulting in connection with any such monitored and recorded communications.
Miscellaneous Terms
The Laws Governing Our Relationship 
To the full extent legally permissible, these Terms of Service and any disputes arising out of or relating to it or the Equipment or Service will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, wherever filed without regard to conflicts of laws principles and subject to arbitration as set forth above. In the event that the arbitration requirements of this agreement are inapplicable or unenforceable, any complaint or other legal action concerning these Terms of Service shall be interpreted under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Commonwealth of Virginia. Complaints, arbitration, or other legal actions involving California customers will be interpreted under the laws of the State of California and will be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the California county in which the customer primarily uses the Service. 
Entire Agreement 
These Terms of Service (including the separate Volkswagen Car-Net Agreement, Privacy Statement, and any other document or policy incorporated by this Agreement) are the entire agreement between you and us. It supersedes all other agreements, communications, or representations, oral or written, between us, past or present. We are not responsible for any statements, agreements, representations, warranties, or covenants, oral or written, including, without limitation, any statements from third parties concerning or relating to the Equipment or the Service provided to you pursuant to these Terms of Service or your Service Plan, unless such statements, agreements, representations, warranties, or covenants are expressly contained in or incorporated in these Terms of Service. You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually. You may make such a request by contacting us via the contact information below. 
Effect of Termination of Terms of Service 
Even if you delete your myVW account and discontinued use of the Service, the provisions of these Terms of Service will continue to govern any disputes arising out of or relating to it. These Terms of Service will also be binding on your heirs and successors and on our successors. In addition to any other provisions identified herein as surviving termination, the following provisions of these Terms of Service shall survive termination: Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 11 through 17. 
Waiver; Severability 
No waiver of any part of these Terms of Service, or of any breach of it, in any one instance will require us to waive any other instance or breach. If any part of these Terms of Service is declared invalid or unenforceable, all other parts of these Terms of Service are still valid and enforceable. 
Relationship Between Parties 
Notwithstanding anything else herein, these Terms of Service do not create any fiduciary relationships between you and us, or between you and any Volkswagen Company or any of our other Service Partners. These Terms of Service also do not create any relationship of principal and agent, partnership, or employer and employee between you and us or between you and any Volkswagen Company or any of our Service Partners. 
Third-Party Beneficiaries 
Without limitation of anything else set forth herein and unless you enter into a direct contractual relationship with a particular Service Partner, you have no contractual relationship whatsoever with any of our Service Partners, including Wireless Service Providers, and these Terms of Service do not give you any rights against any Volkswagen Company or any Service Partner. You are not a third-party beneficiary of any agreement between us and any of our Service Partners. As noted, Service Partners may have their own terms or conditions that govern delivery or performance of their respective services or provision of a particular product. None of our Service Partners has any legal, equitable, or other liability of any kind to you under these Terms of Service. You expressly waive any and all claims or demands for such liability. Our Service Partners are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms of Service. 
Links 
The Service may offer or contain links to other sites, including, among others, those of advertisers, other third parties, and companies whose trademarks may appear on the site. We are not responsible for the information collection practices or the content of the sites to which we link, or for content and information collection practices of the Web sites and online services belonging to our Service Partners. 
Assignment 
We can assign these Terms of Service, in whole or in part, to any individual or entity we choose, at any time, without notice to you, in our sole discretion. 
Export 
You agree to comply with all applicable trade regulations and export control laws both domestic and foreign and to allow any information you provide to be used for the purpose of ensuring export compliance. The Equipment and the Service, and any underlying information accessed or transferred by you using the Service, may be subject to U. S. export controls, including the Export Administration Act (50 U. S. C.  2401, et seq.) and the Export Administration Regulations (50 C. F. R.  730-774), as well as the import regulations of other countries. You agree not to export or re-export any such Equipment, software, or information to any foreign country. Any information transferred by you using the Service or the Equipment to any foreign country, entity, or person must comply with the U. S. Export Administration Act and the Export Administration Regulations. 
Intellectual Property 
The Service is protected by the United States and international copyright laws and may be subject to other intellectual property protections, including patent and trademark rights. You may not (or permit or cause any other party to) reproduce, copy, distribute, modify, make derivative works from, perform, broadcast, display, transmit, reuse, re-post, use (except as expressly permitted herein), or claim any right in any aspect of the Service, including the content, text, images, audio, and video, without our express, prior written permission. 
Trademarks 
Any trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively, "Marks") displayed in connection with the Services are the registered and unregistered trademarks of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. or other third parties. Nothing contained in these Terms of Service or the Service should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use or display any Mark or any variation thereof without the written permission of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. or the other owner thereof. Your use of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.'s Marks is strictly prohibited. 
Your Comments 
We welcome feedback concerning this Terms of Service. Please contact us with your comments and questions at 1 (800) 822-8987Opens a phone link.
For more information, call 1 (800) 822-8987Opens a phone link or go to website_url_lnk
"Car-Net" is a registered trademark of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.
"myVW" is a registered trademark of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.
Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U. S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. "Android" and "Google" are trademarks or registered trademarks of Google Inc. 
2021-2024 Volkswagen of America, Inc.
VOLKSWAGEN CARE Program Terms and Conditions 
Coverage.
The Volkswagen Care program consists of a number of different pre-paid scheduled maintenance plans. The details are provided below. The plans that apply to YOUR vehicle are specified on your Volkswagen Care Scheduled Maintenance Plan Contract ("Maintenance Contract") with asterisk (*) next to the applicable plans.
What is not covered? 
Volkswagen of America, Inc., an operating unit of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., ("VWoA") will not pay for parts or services that are not listed in the USA Warranty & Maintenance booklet provided with your Volkswagen vehicle. Examples of those items not covered include, but are not limited to: mechanical breakdown repairs, hoses, brake pads and linings, and wheel alignment and balancing. In addition, VWoA will not pay for maintenance services that are performed by any party other than a participating authorized Volkswagen Dealership, or for loss of time, inconvenience or other incidental or consequential losses. 
Volkswagen Care 
Purchase 
Volkswagen Care is available for purchase only at participating authorized Volkswagen Dealerships in the U. S. Volkswagen Care may be purchased for all 2014 model year and newer Volkswagen new vehicles (except for Routans), and all 2014 model year and newer Certified Pre-Owned and used Volkswagen vehicles (except for Routans).
A plan may be purchased at a participating authorized Volkswagen Dealership either at the time of the retail sale or lease of the vehicle or at a later time. Regardless of when a plan is purchased, the plan must be purchased at full price. The price for each plan is specified on your Scheduled Maintenance Contract.
When a plan is purchased at the time of the retail sale or lease of a Volkswagen vehicle through an authorized Volkswagen Dealer, it may be possible to finance the cost of the plan as part of your vehicle loan or lease. Please consult with your dealership or financing source for details.
When a plan is purchased at a later date, you will not be able to include the cost of the plan into your monthly payment for your vehicle loan or lease. It is therefore highly recommended that you purchase a plan at the time you purchase or lease your vehicle, or before the first Scheduled Maintenance Interval (as defined below) of the plan.
Dealer sets final customer price for the plan. Tax on the sale of the plan or parts supplied under the plan may be due at the time of sale or at the time of each scheduled maintenance service as required by state and local law where the work is performed.
Scheduled Maintenance Intervals 
Each of the scheduled maintenance plans cover the cost of the factory recommended scheduled maintenance services as specified in the USA Warranty & Maintenance booklet at the defined Scheduled Maintenance Intervals, as follows
Volkswagen Care Basic scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2017 through 2019 vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals: 
Volkswagen Care Basic scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2017 through 2019 vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals
Maintenance Interval
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date* 
10,000-mile service 
20,000-mile service
10,000 or 12 months; whichever occurs first 
20,000 or 24 months; whichever occurs first 
Maintenance Interval
10,000-mile service 
20,000-mile service
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date*
10,000 or 12 months; whichever occurs first 
20,000 or 24 months; whichever occurs first
Volkswagen Care Extra 30 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals: 
Volkswagen Care Extra 30 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals
Maintenance Interval
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date* 
30,000-mile service 
30,000 or 36 months; whichever occurs first 
Maintenance Interval
30,000-mile service 
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date*
30,000 or 36 months; whichever occurs first
Volkswagen Care 40 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals: 
Volkswagen Care 40 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals
Maintenance Interval
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date* 
40,000-mile service 
40,000 or 48 months; whichever occurs first 
Maintenance Interval
40,000-mile service 
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date*
40,000 or 48 months; whichever occurs first
Volkswagen Care 50 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals: 
Volkswagen Care 50 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals
Maintenance Interval
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date* 
50,000-mile service 
50,000 or 60 months; whichever occurs first 
Maintenance Interval
50,000-mile service 
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date*
50,000 or 60 months; whichever occurs first
Volkswagen Care 60 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals: 
Volkswagen Care 60 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals
Maintenance Interval
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date* 
60,000-mile service 
60,000 or 72 months; whichever occurs first 
Maintenance Interval
60,000-mile service 
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date*
60,000 or 72 months; whichever occurs first
Volkswagen Care 70 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals: 
Volkswagen Care 70 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals
Maintenance Interval
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date* 
70,000-mile service 
70,000 or 84 months; whichever occurs first 
Maintenance Interval
70,000-mile service 
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date*
70,000 or 84 months; whichever occurs first
Volkswagen Care 80 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals: 
Volkswagen Care 80 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals
Maintenance Interval
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date* 
80,000-mile service 
80,000 or 96 months; whichever occurs first 
Maintenance Interval
80,000-mile service 
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date*
80,000 or 96 months; whichever occurs first
Volkswagen Care 90 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals: 
Volkswagen Care 90 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals
Maintenance Interval
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date* 
90,000-mile service 
90,000 or 108 months; whichever occurs first 
Maintenance Interval
90,000-mile service 
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date*
90,000 or 108 months; whichever occurs first
Volkswagen Care 100 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals: 
Volkswagen Care 100 scheduled maintenance plan covers model year 2014 and newer vehicles at the following Scheduled Maintenance Intervals
Maintenance Interval
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date* 
100,000-mile service 
100,000 or 120 months; whichever occurs first 
Maintenance Interval
100,000-mile service 
Mileage or Months from original vehicle in-service date*
100,000 or 120 months; whichever occurs first
Non-California
The in-service date is the date that your vehicle is delivered to either the original purchaser or the original lessee, or if the vehicle is first placed in service as a "demonstrator" or "company car", then the date such vehicle is first placed in service. An authorized Volkswagen Dealership will be able to provide you with the in-service date of your vehicle.
Note: VWoA highly recommends that the scheduled maintenance be performed within 1,000 miles of the Scheduled Maintenance Interval or one year from the date that the scheduled maintenance was last performed on the vehicle, whichever occurs first. For complete details regarding scheduled maintenance, please consult your vehicle's USA Warranty & Maintenance booklet or contact your Volkswagen dealer or Volkswagen Service Facility for more information, including information about any changes to the service intervals for your Volkswagen vehicle. Services performed outside the maintenance parameters listed above may be excluded from reimbursement.
All Scheduled Maintenance Intervals must be completed by bringing your vehicle to a participating authorized Volkswagen Dealership. Scheduled maintenance performed by a non-participating Volkswagen Dealership will not be covered by your Volkswagen Care plan. You are responsible for confirming that the Volkswagen Dealership at which you intend to obtain scheduled maintenance is a participating authorized Volkswagen Dealership before obtaining scheduled maintenance at that dealership. Except for at a few select participating dealers, at-home service will not be provided, and you will be responsible for transporting your vehicle to a participating authorized Volkswagen Dealership.
Contract Expiration 
Your Maintenance Contract will expire once the last Scheduled Maintenance Interval covered under such contract has been exceeded by three months or 6,000 miles, whichever occurs first. VWoA will not pay for any scheduled maintenance completed after the expiration of the Maintenance Contract.
General Terms (Non-California) 
Volkswagen Care plans are only valid in the country in which they are purchased. This Scheduled Maintenance Plan Contract is effective on the date that you electronically sign the contract ("Effective Date") and expires when all covered Scheduled Maintenance Intervals have been performed or you have failed to obtain maintenance on your vehicle before the expiration of the Scheduled Maintenance Plan Contract, as set forth above in the scheduled maintenance interval section. All Scheduled Maintenance Intervals must be completed by a participating authorized Volkswagen Dealer in order to qualify under this program.
Volkswagen Care plans cannot be canceled and are non-refundable, except as provided below. After 30 days from the Effective Date, no refund will be given if the vehicle is sold, the lease on the vehicle is terminated early or if the lease term expires before the end of the Scheduled Maintenance Intervals or before you obtain maintenance in connection with a Scheduled Maintenance Interval.
There are three circumstances in which the Volkswagen Care plans associated with your vehicle may be canceled with a complete or partial refund given: if the vehicle covered by the plan is designated as "totaled" by the insurance carrier, then you may cancel the plan and receive the specified refund; if the vehicle covered by the plan is repossessed, then the lienholder may cancel the plan and receive the specified refund; or if you submit a written request to cancel the Scheduled Maintenance Plan Contract within 30 days of the Effective Date in accordance with the instructions below, then you may cancel the plan and receive the specified refund. The amount of any refund will be based on whether you have obtained scheduled maintenance under a Scheduled Maintenance Interval or whether the Scheduled Maintenance Interval has expired, as set forth in the chart below. A Cancellation Fee will be deducted from any refund, as provided in the chart below. For purposes of any Scheduled Maintenance Plan Contract cancelled within 30 days of the Effective Date or refunded due to the vehicle being totaled or repossessed, a Scheduled Maintenance Interval will be considered to have "expired" if, at the time of cancellation, the vehicle's odometer reading is above the Scheduled Maintenance Interval mileage.
The chart below shows the refund amount available on vehicles eligible for refund, based on the Scheduled Maintenance Intervals that have been either performed or that have expired. If the purchase of the Maintenance Contract was financed, VWoA may make the refund payable to the purchaser, the assignee, or lender of record, or both. No state or local taxes are included in any plan refund.
Refund Table for Eligible Vehicles (Non-California) 
Refund Table for Eligible Vehicles (Non-California) 
Contract Type
Maintenance Interval Used or Expired
Cancellation Fee
Refund Amount as a percentage of Customer Price Paid 
All Contracts 
No Services Used
Lesser of $25 or 10% of purchase price 
100% 
VW Care Basic 
10,000-mile Interval
Lesser of $25 or 10% of purchase price 
40% 
20,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care Extra 
30,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 40 
40,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 50 
50,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 60 
60,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 70 
70,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 80 
80,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 90 
90,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 100 
100,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Contract Type
All Contracts 
VW Care Basic 
VW Care Extra 
VW Care 40 
VW Care 50 
VW Care 60 
VW Care 70 
VW Care 80 
VW Care 90 
VW Care 100 
Maintenance Interval Used or Expired
No Services Used
10,000-mile Interval
20,000-mile Interval
30,000-mile Interval
40,000-mile Interval
50,000-mile Interval
60,000-mile Interval
70,000-mile Interval
80,000-mile Interval
90,000-mile Interval
100,000-mile Interval
Cancellation Fee
Lesser of $25 or 10% of purchase price 
Lesser of $25 or 10% of purchase price 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Refund Amount as a percentage of Customer Price Paid 
100% 
40% 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Non-California
To request a refund, you must submit your request, including a copy of your Maintenance Contract, proof of totaled vehicle or repossession that includes the vehicle's VIN and Customer Name (as applicable), and the current odometer reading on the covered vehicle as of the postmarked date of your request, in writing to the following address: Volkswagen, Volkswagen Care Refunds, 3800 W. Hamlin Road, Auburn Hills, MI 48326, or contact the Volkswagen Customer Care team at 1-800-822-8987.
Volkswagen Care will be removed if a covered vehicle has been repossessed by the lienholder.
Note.
Volkswagen Care coverage remains with the vehicle for which it was originally purchased, as set forth in the Maintenance Contract, and can be used by subsequent owners of that vehicle, unless otherwise specified in the terms set forth above. Volkswagen Care plans are non-transferable to subsequent vehicles purchased by the same owner.
Binding Non-Class Action Arbitration
YOU AND VWoA ARE AGREEING TO GIVE UP ANY RIGHTS TO LITIGATE CLAIMS IN A COURT OR BEFORE A JURY, OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM.
Customer and VWoA agree that any dispute or controversy, whether between customer and VWoA or customer and any authorized Volkswagen dealership, that arises from or relates in any way to your purchase of Volkswagen Care, including but in no way limited to any claims related to any advertising of Volkswagen Care by VWoA or an authorized Volkswagen dealership, shall be resolved exclusively and finally by binding arbitration.
Any arbitration arising under the Scheduled Maintenance Contract will be decided by a single arbitrator, who shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to arbitrability, enforceability of this arbitration provision, including any assertion that this arbitration provision is unconscionable or is otherwise void, voidable or invalid. The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA") using the procedures in effect for consumer disputes on the day an arbitration demand is made under this provision. The location of any arbitration hearing will be in the city and state in which you purchased Volkswagen Care or any other city and state to which the parties mutually agree.
The parties agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U. S. C. 1 et seq. ("FAA") governs the Scheduled Maintenance Contract. Except for issues related to arbitrability, which are governed by the FAA, the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to conflicts of laws principles that would require application of any other law, shall govern all matters arising out of, or relating to, your purchase of Volkswagen Care.
YOU AGREE TO ARBITRATE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. IN ANY DISPUTE, NEITHER CUSTOMER NOR VWoA SHALL BE ENTITLED TO JOIN OR CONSOLIDATE CLAIMS BY OR AGAINST OTHER CUSTOMERS, OR ARBITRATE OR OTHERWISE PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLAIM AS A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE, CLASS MEMBER OR IN A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL CAPACITY.
VWoA will be responsible for paying all fees to the arbitrator incurred in the arbitration. VWoA will not be responsible for your attorneys' fees or any other fees. Information on AAA and their applicable rules are available at the following numbers and URLs: American Arbitration Association, (800) 778-7879, website_url_lnk
California
The in-service date is the date that your vehicle is delivered to either the original purchaser or the original lessee, of it the vehicle is first placed in service as a "demonstrator" or "company car", then the date such vehicle is first place in service. An authorized Volkswagen dealership will be able to provide you with the in-service date of your vehicle. Services performed outside the maintenance parameters listed above may be excluded from reimbursement.
Note: VWoA highly recommends that the scheduled maintenance be performed within 1,000 miles of the Scheduled Maintenance Interval or one year from the date that the scheduled maintenance was last performed on the vehicle, whichever occurs first. For complete details regarding scheduled maintenance, please consult your vehicle's USA Warranty and Maintenance booklet.
All Scheduled Maintenance Intervals must be completed by bringing your vehicle to a participating authorized Volkswagen Dealership. Scheduled maintenance performed by a non-participating Volkswagen Dealership will not be covered by your Volkswagen Care plan. You are responsible for confirming that the Volkswagen Dealership at which you intend to obtain scheduled maintenance is a participating authorized Volkswagen Dealership before obtaining scheduled maintenance at that dealership. Except for a few select participating dealers, at-home service will not be provided, and you will be responsible for transporting your vehicle to a participating authorized Volkswagen Dealership.
Contract Expiration
Your Maintenance Contract will expire once the last Scheduled Maintenance Interval covered under such contract has been exceeded by three months or 6,000 miles, whichever occurs first. VWoA will not pay for any scheduled maintenance completed after the expiration of the Maintenance Contract.
General Terms
Volkswagen Care plans are only valid in the country in which they are purchased. This Scheduled Maintenance Plan Contract is effective on the date that you electronically sign the contact ("Effective Date") and expires when all covered Scheduled Maintenance Intervals have been performed or you have failed to obtain maintenance on your vehicle before the expiration of the Scheduled Maintenance Plan Contract, as set forth above. All Schedule Maintenance Intervals must be completed by a participating authorized Volkswagen Dealer in order to qualify under this program.
Cancellation by VWoA
VWoA may cancel this Maintenance Contract for any reason within the first sixty days of the Effective Date; anytime thereafter, VWoA may only cancel their Maintenance Contract for material misrepresentation, fraud, or non-payment of the Maintenance Contract price. If VWoA cancels this Maintenance Contract within the first sixty days for any reason, a notice of cancellation will be mailed to you stating the specific grounds for cancellation prior to the sixty-first (61st) day from the Effective Date. If no claim has been paid, you will receive a full refund. If a claim has been paid during this time period you will receive a pro rata refund of the Maintenance Contract as set forth in the chart below within 30 days of the date of cancellation. If this Maintenance Contract is cancelled by VWoA due to material misrepresentation, fraud, or non-payment of the Maintenance Contract price, a notice of cancellation will be mailed to you stating the nature of the misrepresentation or the specific grounds for cancellation and you will receive a pro-rata refund of the Maintenance Contract price as set forth in the chart below within 30 days of the date of cancellation. IF VWoA cancels, it will not impose a cancellation fee and the Maintenance Contract ceases to be valid five days after the postmark date of the notice of cancellation. If VWoA cancels this Maintenance Contract, any claim reported to VWoA prior to the cancellation is covered, subject to the terms, conditions, exclusions, and limitations in this Maintenance Contract. You are deemed to have reported a claim if you have completed the first step required under the Maintenance Contract for reporting a claim.
Cancellation by the Contract Holder
You may cancel this Maintenance Contract at any time by sending a written cancellation request to VWoA. If the Maintenance Contract is cancelled by You within sixty days from the Effective Date and no claims have been filed, You will receive a full refund. If VWoA receives Your request after sixty days past the Effective Date, or after a claim has been filed, then you will receive a pro rata redund less cancellation fee as set forth in the chart below.
The amount of any refund will be based on whether you have obtained scheduled maintenance under a Scheduled Maintenance Interval or whether the Scheduled Maintenance Interval has expired, as set forth in the chart below. For purposes of any refund, a Scheduled Maintenance Interval will be considered to have "expired" if, at the time of cancellation, the vehicle's odometer reading is above the Scheduled Maintenance Interval mileage.
The chart below shows the refund amount available on vehicles eligible for refund, based on the Scheduled Maintenance Intervals that have been either performed or that have expired. No state or local taxes are included in any plan refund.
Refund Table for Eligible Vehicles 
Refund Table for Eligible Vehicles 
Contract Type
Maintenance Interval Used or Expired
Cancellation Fee if Cancelled by You
Refund Amount as a percentage of Customer Price Paid 
All Contracts 
No Services Used
Within 60 days: No fee 
After 60 days: Lesser of $25 or 10% of purchase price
100% 
VW Care Basic 
10,000-mile Interval
Within 60 days: No fee
After 60 days: Lesser of $25 or 10% of purchase price
40% 
20,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care Extra 
30,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 40 
40,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 50 
50,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 60 
60,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 70 
70,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 80 
80,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 90 
90,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
VW Care 100 
100,000-mile Interval
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Contract Type
All Contracts 
VW Care Basic 
VW Care Extra 
VW Care 40 
VW Care 50 
VW Care 60 
VW Care 70 
VW Care 80 
VW Care 90 
VW Care 100 
Maintenance Interval Used or Expired
No Services Used
10,000-mile Interval
20,000-mile Interval
30,000-mile Interval
40,000-mile Interval
50,000-mile Interval
60,000-mile Interval
70,000-mile Interval
80,000-mile Interval
90,000-mile Interval
100,000-mile Interval
Cancellation Fee if Cancelled by You
Within 60 days: No fee 
Within 60 days: No fee
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Cancellation Fee if Cancelled by You
After 60 days: Lesser of $25 or 10% of purchase price
After 60 days: Lesser of $25 or 10% of purchase price
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Refund Amount as a percentage of Customer Price Paid
100%
40%
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
Volkswagen Care contract fully earned, may not cancel 
California
To request a refund, you must submit your request, including a copy of your Maintenance Contract, proof of totaled vehicle or repossession that includes the vehicle's VIN and Customer Name (as applicable), and the current odometer reading on the covered vehicle as of the postmarked date of your request, in writing to the following address: Volkswagen, Volkswagen Care Refunds, 3800 W. Hamlin Road, Auburn Hills, MI 48326, or contact the Volkswagen Customer Care team at 1-800-822-8987.
Volkswagen Care will be removed if a covered vehicle has been repossessed by the lienholder.
Note.
Volkswagen Care coverage remains with the vehicle for which it was originally purchased, as set forth in the Maintenance Contract, and can be used by subsequent owners of that vehicle, unless otherwise specified in the terms set forth above. Volkswagen Care plans are non-transferable to subsequent vehicles purchased by the same owner.
Binding Non-Class Action Arbitration
YOU AND VWoA ARE AGREEING TO GIVE UP ANY RIGHTS TO LITIGATE CLAIMS IN A COURT OR BEFORE A JURY, OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM.
Customer and VWoA agree that any dispute or controversy, whether between customer and VWoA or customer and any authorized Volkswagen dealership, that arises from or relates in any way to your purchase of Volkswagen Care, including but in no way limited to any claims related to any advertising of Volkswagen Care by VWoA or an authorized Volkswagen dealership, shall be resolved exclusively and finally by binding arbitration.
Any arbitration arising under the Scheduled Maintenance Contract will be decided by a single arbitrator, who shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to arbitrability, enforceability of this arbitration provision, including any assertion that this arbitration provision is unconscionable or is otherwise void, voidable or invalid. The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA") using the procedures in effect for consumer disputes on the day an arbitration demand is made under this provision. The location of any arbitration hearing will be in the city and state in which you purchased Volkswagen Care or any other city and state to which the parties mutually agree.
The parties agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U. S. C. 1 et seq. ("FAA") governs the Scheduled Maintenance Contract. Except for issues related to arbitrability, which are governed by the FAA, the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to conflicts of laws principles that would require application of any other law, shall govern all matters arising out of, or relating to, your purchase of Volkswagen Care.
YOU AGREE TO ARBITRATE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. IN ANY DISPUTE, NEITHER CUSTOMER NOR VWoA SHALL BE ENTITLED TO JOIN OR CONSOLIDATE CLAIMS BY OR AGAINST OTHER CUSTOMERS, OR ARBITRATE OR OTHERWISE PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLAIM AS A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE, CLASS MEMBER OR IN A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL CAPACITY.
VWoA will be responsible for paying all fees to the arbitrator incurred in the arbitration. VWoA will not be responsible for your attorneys' fees or any other fees. Information on AAA and their applicable rules are available at the following numbers and URLs: American Arbitration Association, (800) 778-7879, website_url_lnk
VW CAR-NET TERMS OF SERVICE For Model Year 2020-2025 Vehicles 
Effective as of October 10, 2024 
Welcome to Volkswagen. These VW Car-Net Terms of Service ("Terms of Service") apply to your use of and access to Services provided by Volkswagen of America, an operating division of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. ("VWoA," "we," or "us"), through a Volkswagen vehicle ("Vehicle") and any software, websites, or applications associated with VW Car-Net (collectively, the "Services," as further described herein). The available Services (and associated capabilities and features) may vary by Vehicle model and model year. Certain services or offerings available through the Services that are provided directly by third parties may be governed by separate and additional terms and conditions promulgated by such third parties. These Terms of Service shall apply to each Vehicle owner, lessee, or renter, or other person accessing or using the Services through such person's Vehicle or VW Car-Net account (generally defined herein as "you" or "user"). You are responsible for your own compliance with these Terms of Service and for compliance by occupants of your Vehicle and anyone using the Service or your account, whether or not authorized by you.
Your Vehicle contains hardware and software ("Equipment") that enables you to receive Services as part of a designated service plan ("Service Plan"). Some Services require the installation of additional Equipment. Some Services are included for an introductory period with your Vehicle and are available for paid subscription after the introductory trial period. Not every Service or Service Plan includes an introductory period, and use of such Service or Service Plan may require a fee. Information about the Service and each of the Service Plans is available at website_url_lnk an external link
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONSTITUTE A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND US. If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, DO NOT use the Services.
PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US ARE RESOLVED, WHICH INCLUDES AN AGREEMENT TO SUBMIT ANY DISPUTE RELATED TO THE SERVICES OR THESE TERMS OF SERVICE TO BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN PROCEEDING IN COURT. THESE TERMS ALSO INCLUDE A JURY TRIAL WAIVER AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER, WHICH MEANS YOU AGREE NOT TO HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY AND NOT TO PROCEED WITH ANY DISPUTE AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION. PLEASE SEE SECTION 15 OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE FOR FURTHER INFORMATION.
You must be at least 18 years of age, or the age of majority in your state of residence, to accept these Terms of Service and enroll in the Services as the Primary Driver/User (defined in Section 2 below). If you are under 18 years of age, or under the age of majority in your state of residence, your parent or guardian must accept these Terms of Service on your behalf and enroll as the Primary Driver/User. You are responsible for informing others who use your Vehicle that the Services are active and that data may be collected from your Vehicle in accordance with the VWoA Privacy Statement, available hereOpens an external link, which may be updated from time to time.
DO NOT USE OR OTHERWISE ENGAGE WITH THE MOBILE APP OR YOUR MOBILE DEVICE WHILE DRIVING. USERS OF THE APP SHOULD NEVER OPERATE THE APP IN A MANNER THAT IS DISTRACTING TO THE DRIVER/USER. ALWAYS PAY CAREFUL ATTENTION TO THE ROAD, AND DO NOT DRIVE WHILE DISTRACTED.
Understanding the Terms of Service
The Services are provided to you by us and certain third-party service providers ("Service Providers"), including providers of the wireless networks on which the Service relies ("Wireless Service Providers"), emergency response service providers ("Response Providers"), and Integrated Content Providers (as defined below). Such Service Providers, Response Providers, and Integrated Content Providers will together be referred to as "Service Partners."
These Terms of Service, including any other VWoA terms, policies, and guidelines identified or referenced herein, constitute the complete agreement between you and us with respect to the Services and are legally binding upon the earlier of your agreement to these Terms of Service or your access, use, subscription to, purchase of, upload or transmission to, or download of any information, content, or other materials to or from the Services. When you accept these Terms of Service during our sign-up process by using the myVW mobile application ("myVW App"), or when you are accessing or using the Services, you are acknowledging and agreeing that you have read, understood, and have agreed to be bound by these Terms of Service. You are responsible for your own compliance with these Terms of Service and for compliance by any other drivers or occupants of your Vehicle and anyone who uses your VW Car-Net account, whether or not authorized by you.
In addition, your use of the Services, the VW Car-Net website at website_url_lnk an external link (the "VW Car-Net Website"), and the myVW App are governed by these Terms of Service and the VWoA Privacy Statement that is incorporated into these Terms of Service. A copy of the VW Privacy Statement is available hereOpens an external link, as well as on the VW Car-Net Website and in the myVW App. The parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates of VWGoA, including, but not limited to, Volkswagen AG (together with VWoA, the "VW Company(ies)"), are third-party beneficiaries under these Terms of Service, and the protections set forth in these Terms of Service, including, without limitation, the disclaimers of warranties and limitations of liability, shall extend to them.
We can change these Terms of Service; change, add, or delete Services and Service Plans; and change the prices we charge for each Service Plan, at any time. We will notify you of such change by sending notice of or otherwise posting amended terms through the myVW mobile app and myVW web portal, or as required by law. Any change in prices for your Service Plan will not take effect until the current term of your Service Plan has expired. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service periodically and when notified of a change. You can cancel the Services if you do not agree to the change, but if you do not notify us within 30 days after we give you notice of the change, then the change will become part of these Terms of Service with you. You agree that you are accepting such changes for yourself and any additional users of the Services using your Vehicle.
Setting Up Your Car-Net Account
In order to use the Services, you must agree to these Terms of Service. The terms of your specific Service Plan, including the applicable pricing if you continue the Service after any introductory period and other terms that are part of your Service Plan, are part of these Terms of Service. You will be bound by these Terms of Service if any of the following events occur: your Vehicle purchase or lease agreement contains a provision that says you agree to these Terms of Service; you sign a contract that includes these Terms of Service; you purchase or lease a Vehicle that includes the Service in the purchase or lease price and you register for the Service; you speak with a VW Car-Net customer service representative and register for the Services; you authorize your independent VW-authorized dealership ("VW Dealer") to register for the Services on your behalf; you or someone you authorize to use your Vehicle and the Services uses the Services or accepts any of its benefits.; or you agree to use the myVW app.
In order to receive all available functionality or features of the Services under a service plan you select ("Service Plan," as further described in Section 4 below), you will be required to create an account through the VW Car-Net Website or the myVW App. You will be asked to provide identification information as part of the registration process and may be required to provide a credit card. Some functionality or features of the Services require your registration for an account with the myVW app. When you create an account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of any username, password, and personal identification number you use to set up and access your account. You will be solely responsible for all activity in your account, so you must notify us immediately if you become aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account or the Services.
The Services permit you, through your myVW App account, to designate a "Primary Driver" (or "Primary User" as referenced by your Vehicle settings) and "Secondary User" of the Vehicle. The "Primary Driver/User" is generally the owner or lessee of the Vehicle; "Secondary Users" are any other individuals the Primary Driver/User designates and authorizes by name to access and use the Services. As between the Primary Driver/User and any Secondary Users, the Primary Driver/User retains ultimate authority to modify, cancel, change, reactivate, or transfer the Services. As a reminder, these Terms of Service apply to you, including the Primary Driver/User and any Secondary User.
Although the Services will generally be available in all Vehicles, there will be some variability by model or year, and some Services will not be enabled for use until you have installed required Equipment or you register for a trial or paid subscription service, either at your VW Dealer or on your own. 
How the Services Work; Restrictions and Limitations
Equipment and Coverage Area
The Services are provided using hardware and software in your Vehicle ("Equipment") that enables your Vehicle to receive telematics and other services though the wireless communication networks of wireless service providers and the Global Positioning System ("GPS") satellite network. The Equipment receives GPS signals and communicates with our response centers through the use of wireless and landline communications networks. The location of your Vehicle, particularly in rural or enclosed areas, may affect the availability and quality of the Services. Some or all of the Services may not be available in all areas. Services may only be available if your Vehicle is in a geographic area covered by the service network footprint (and within operating range) of one of our wireless providers and is able to receive GPS signals. Services are currently only available in the continental United States (including the District of Columbia), Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico. Notwithstanding the foregoing Service area restriction, it may be possible for your Vehicle to send and receive data in areas when Services are not available.
Not all Services are available everywhere, particularly in rural or enclosed areas, at all times. You expressly release us and our VW Car-Net Service Providers (defined in Section below) from all liabilities and losses (including, without limitation, physical injury and death) that you or others may suffer in a situation where some or all of the Services are not available.
Please see the Vehicle's available manuals to understand specific connected services and features, such as locating a lost or stolen Vehicle, emergency assistance and service, and content providers.
Our Privacy Practices with Respect to Your Vehicle and Data
For information on our data collection, sharing, and use practices, please refer to the VWoA Privacy Statement available here. 
The Service may use various, connected third-party services and Integrated Content Providers to make it easier to search for numerous points-of-interest ("POIs"), e.g., charging stations, fuel prices, parking information, weather, travel information, train information, flight information, restaurant search, hotel search, and other available information through the browsing capabilities of the Vehicle's systems or Equipment. In connection with this search feature, your Vehicle's systems or Equipment may send various data or categories of data to us or our Service Partners. You may also receive an "offer icon" next to certain POIs that you search for indicating that special offers and promotions are available. Please review your Vehicle manual for more information. See also below for more information about our privacy practices.
Third-Party Service Providers
We work with many different companies, individuals, and government entities to provide you with the Services. These may include, for example, and without limitation, telecommunications providers, wireless providers, call center service providers, public safety operators, emergency personnel, towing companies, equipment and software manufacturers, licensors, and any parties that provide any service, equipment, features, or facilities necessary for the Services to work. These parties are collectively referred to in these Terms of Service as our "VW Car-Net Service Providers." In some cases, a VWoA affiliate or subsidiary may be a VW Car-Net Service Provider.
The Services include offerings from various third parties with whom we contract to provide their products and services through VW vehicles ("Integrated Content Providers") and whose services may be integral to the Services and without which, some of the Services may not work. As a third-party provider, VWoA does not create or control the content or service offering made available by these Integrated Content Providers. The Integrated Content Providers are exclusively responsible for the content and the availability of the service offering accessible through the Services. Integrated Content Providers have the right to use your data for their own purposes; therefore, services from Integrated Content Providers will be subject to their terms and conditions and privacy statements. However, certain Integrated Content Providers' or Optional Third Parties' (defined below) services may require that you maintain certain settings or updates in your Vehicle in order for the accompanying services or features to function property. Links to the additional (and available) terms and conditions of Integrated Content Providers may be found on the VW Car-Net Website or in the myVW App. Your agreement to these Terms of Service and use of the Services to which you subscribe constitutes your agreement to any such Integrated Content Provider terms. VWoA collects and shares information with these Integrated Content Providers and receives information from these Integrated Content Providers for the purposes described above and in order for you to receive the services and content requested. For a complete list of the Car-Net Integrated Content Providers and their respective contact information, please see the list of Integrated Content Providers in the VWoA Privacy Statement.
In addition to the Integrated Content Providers' services available as part of the Car-Net Services, you can obtain or purchase additional services or offerings from other third parties that we introduce or with whom you independently engage that rely on the Car-Net platform ("Optional Third Parties"). Services provided by Optional Third Parties are not integral to the basic operation of Car-Net Services but may be added by you in order to receive additional services and content from the Car-Net platform. Examples of services provided by Optional Third Parties include remote package, fuel, or other in-vehicle delivery; car sharing; tolling pricing; usage-based insurance; or other third-party services. Services or offerings from such Optional Third Parties will be subject to their own separate terms and conditions and privacy statements. Although not comprehensive, for your convenience, links to some of the additional terms and conditions of Optional Third Parties (including, but not limited to, Verizon and T-Mobile for Wi-Fi services), as well as their pricing rates, may be found on the VW Car-Net Website or in the myVW App.
By facilitating your access to any services provided by Integrated Content Providers or Optional Third Parties, VWoA makes no representations about or endorsements of such services. Your relationship in connection with these services is solely between you and the provider. You should carefully review the terms and conditions of each provider you use.
Wi-Fi Hotspot
Vehicles enrolled in Car-Net may be provided with a free trial period of an in-vehicle Wi-Fi hotspot. For Vehicles enrolled in Car-Net with Verizon service, you may be offered a free trial period (based on time or data) of an in-vehicle Wi-Fi hotspot. We share information with Verizon in order to activate the Wi-Fi hotspot during the free trial period, including name, contact information, and equipment identification. Verizon will handle this data in accordance with Verizon's privacy statement and terms of service, which can be found hereOpens an external link, including for purposes of marketing subscriptions to Wi-Fi services. If you want to discontinue your Wi-Fi hotspot during the trial period, you may do so by disabling your hotspot from the Wi-Fi settings in the Vehicle head unit or in the myVW App (depending on the infotainment system). Upon expiration of the trial period, you must enter into a subscription agreement with Verizon to continue your Wi-Fi hotspot service, and your data will continue to be governed by Verizon's privacy statement and terms of service. You will need to contact Verizon directly at 800-922-0204Opens a phone link in order to cancel your Wi-Fi subscription. Press "#" and select "1" for support on Verizon's prepaid plan.
For Vehicles enrolled in Car-Net with T-Mobile service, you may be offered a free trial period (based on time or data). The terms and conditions of T-Mobile service apply to this trial period and can be found hereOpens an external link. T-Mobile will handle your data in accordance with T-Mobile's privacy policy and terms of service, which can be found hereOpens an external link. If you want to discontinue your Wi-Fi hotspot during the trial period, you may do so by disabling your hotspot from the Wi-Fi settings in the Vehicle head unit or in the myVW App (depending on the infotainment system). Upon expiration of the trial period, you must enter into a subscription agreement with T-Mobile to continue your Wi-Fi hotspot service. To cancel your data plan, you must call T-Mobile directly at 800-866-2453Opens a phone link.
VW may notify Verizon or T-Mobile if you transfer ownership of the Vehicle. Once notified of your transfer of ownership, Verizon or T-Mobile may terminate service.
Software
We use software in connection with the Services (the "Software"). We, or our VW Car-Net Service Providers, own or have rights to all such software, and you do not acquire any rights in such software other than the right to use such software as reasonably necessary for you to use the Services as permitted in your Service Plan and these Terms of Service. You may not, and you may not permit a third party to, access the Software except as stated in these Terms of Service. Further, you may not modify, translate, decompile, create derivative works of, copy, distribute, disassemble, broadcast, transmit, publish, remove, or alter any proprietary notices or labels, license, sublicense, transfer, sell, mirror, frame, exploit, lease, private label, grant a security interest in, or otherwise use in any manner not expressly permitted herein the Software. Moreover, you may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Software, any other systems or networks connected to the Software, any VWoA server, or any of the services offered on or through the Software by any illegitimate or prohibited means; probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Software or any network connected to the Software or breach the security or authentication measures on the Software or any network connected to the Software; use any device, software, or routine to interfere with the proper working of the Software or any transaction conducted on the Software or with any other person's use of the Software; or use the Software in an unlawful manner.
We, or our VW Car-Net Service Providers, may update or modify the software contained in your Vehicle's systems or the Equipment from time to time ("Software Updates") but are not under any obligation to provide a Software Update. Software Updates may be available through in-dealership service, over-the-air (or OTA), or via download and may occur automatically or require you to initiate the required download or installation. We may provide notice of Software Updates to you in a variety of ways, including through your Vehicle's infotainment system, an associated mobile or web application, email, or text messaging, or by other VWoA-approved means of communication. We strongly suggest that you install or permit the installation of the Software Updates as soon as you receive notice of them. You also agree that if you allow a person who is not the Primary Driver/User of the Vehicle to use the Software, you are responsible for ensuring that such person using the Vehicle installs or permits the timely installation of all Software Updates and authorize such person to install or permit the installation of such Software Updates. You understand and agree that if you do not install the updates, the software for the Vehicle may not be updated or improved for your use. If permitted, these Software Updates may affect or erase data that you have previously stored on the Equipment in your Vehicle (such as specific route or destination information). We, and our VW Car-Net Service Providers, are not responsible for any lost or erased (or otherwise affected) data, and you are solely responsible for the data that you may have downloaded, uploaded, transmitted, or otherwise stored from, to, on, or through the Equipment or Services.
Voice Recognition
Voice recognition software, which may be able to recognize different voices, accents, speech patterns, and words, may be used in connection with the Services. We do not represent or guarantee that such software will recognize or work with your or other voices, accents, or speech patterns or recognize some or all words some or all of the time.
Voice control systems that are made available in the Vehicle may be supplemented by third-party content providers outside of VWoA. To use such voice control functions, you must accept the applicable content provider's terms of use. 
Additionally, the Software used with the voice recognition service may integrate products or services that use artificial intelligence tools, including, but not limited to, ChatGPT or similar third-party service providers, to supplement the voice recognition and voice command capabilities of the Service ("AI Features"). You acknowledge that your use of such features will also be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable AI Features, and you assume all risks associated with the use of any AI Features that are incorporated into the Service. You acknowledge that as a result of the Service's use of AI Features, the output provided via the Service's voice command capability may not be completely accurate, error-free, or up to date. You therefore acknowledge and agree that the use of the AI Features and that any actions taken or reliance on such features are at your own risk. Additionally, you acknowledge that the AI Features may not dynamically (in "real time") retrieve information and that, consequently, the output provided to you may not account for events, updates, or other facts that have occurred or become available after the AI Features were trained. In addition, you agree to not use the AI Features in a way that compromises the safety of others, including, but not limited to, any unsafe uses while operating your Vehicle or use that is not in compliance with applicable laws. 
Events Beyond Our Control
Various conditions beyond our control may prevent or delay us from providing any or all of the Services to you and may affect the quality of the Services. The availability of the Services is not guaranteed. We are not responsible for failure or delay in providing the Services if caused by acts of nature, forces, or conditions beyond our control, including, but not limited to, congestion, outages, or failure of public utilities, internet, computers, telecommunications, or wireless networks (such as interruption of cellular service); acts of war; acts of God; government actions; terrorism; civil disturbances; labor shortages, strikes, or difficulties (regardless of cause); atmospheric, geographic, or topographic conditions (such as tall buildings, hills, or tunnels); inclement weather; natural disaster; damage to or failure to maintain your Vehicle or the Equipment in good working order; or government laws, rules, or regulations. In the event of any of the foregoing or similar events beyond our control, we may, in our discretion, suspend or terminate the Services (in whole or in part), or terminate your Service Plan, without notice to you and without any refund, compensation, credit, or other liability to you. 
Additionally, the availability and use of the Software may be subject to your Vehicle's equipment compatibility, software compatibility, telecommunication capabilities, or your Vehicle being within the range of the wireless network of the wireless carrier that supports your Vehicle's telecommunication (with rural or enclosed areas having a negative impact) and is subject to transmission limitation or interruption, including, but not limited to, technical obsolescence or sunsetting of certain equipment, devices, networks, or software inside of or external to the Vehicle that is required for data transmission or receipt. You are not entitled to a credit or refund as a result of any delay or failure described herein.
In the event of any regulatory, governmental, or other legally compelled changes, or discontinuation or change of necessary telecommunications, systems, services, or technologies (for example, if your wireless provider terminates, sunsets, or restricts wireless services or communication technologies of the type used by your Vehicle's Equipment), it may be necessary to replace Equipment for you to continue to receive Services. You are solely responsible for replacing, as well as the cost of replacing, any Equipment that is necessary to receive the Services as a result of such change or discontinuation.
License Grant
Subject to your continued compliance with these Terms of Service, VWoA grants to you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, personal license to download, install, and otherwise access and use, for personal and non-commercial purposes, the Services and Software as installed, directed, permitted, or updated by VWoA. You also acknowledge and agree that VWoA has the right to control and direct the means, manner, and method by which the Services and Software are provided.
Upon violation of this license grant or of these Terms of Service, your rights will terminate immediately, and we may terminate your access to the Services without notice to you.
Service Plans
Current information about Services and Service Plans available for Vehicles ("Service Plans") can be found at the VW Car-Net Website (website_url_lnk an external link). We may change, add, or delete Services and Service Plans at any time, with or without notice to you.
Included Service Plan
Unless otherwise specified by VWoA, certain VW Car-Net plans ("Included Plans," or individually, "Included Plan") may be included with model year 2020 and new vehicles at no additional cost. Each Included Plan runs for a specific period from the date the Vehicle is first purchased or leased from a VW dealership based on the model year and trim level of the Vehicle. 
When you purchase your Vehicle, you should ask your VW dealership to specify the end date of each Included Plan associated with your Vehicle. Specific features available with each Included Plan are available on the VW Car-Net Website or on the myVW App, or both. Some VW Car-Net features require other factory-installed features in your Vehicle and may require certain pre-installed software and, therefore, may not be offered or available in your Vehicle. If you do not know the features available in your Vehicle with each Included Plan or the end date of an Included Plan associated with your Vehicle, please contact the Volkswagen Response Center at 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link to receive that information.
To continue to receive the services and features of any Included Plan after the term of the Included Plan's expiration, you will need to purchase or subscribe to a paid Service Plan prior to the end of your Included Plan term, or enroll in a paid plan at any time after your Included Plan Term as long as you can maintain proof of ownership of your Vehicle. To purchase or subscribe to a paid Service Plan, please visit the VW Car-Net Website or the myVW App or call the Volkswagen Response Center at 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link.
Paid Service Plans; Subscriptions
VWoA may make available certain paid Services and subscription-based Service Plans (collectively, "VW Paid Plans") available from time to time, each with various services and features for model year 2020 and later Vehicles. Information about specific features and pricing ("Service Rates") for Service Plans, including information and pricing for VW Paid Plans, is available on the VW Car-Net Website or on the myVW App, or by calling the Volkswagen Response Center at 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link. VW Paid Plans may not include services provided by certain third parties that are subject to separate terms and conditions. See Section of these Terms of Service for more information about Integrated Content Providers and Optional Third Parties and their services. 
Service Rates for VW Paid Plans; Payment Terms
Service Rates
Billing information for all VW Paid Plans, including, where applicable, the frequency and amount of any recurring charges are specified on the VW Car-Net Website or the myVW App, or are available by calling the Volkswagen Response Center at 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link. We will notify you of any price increases applicable to your Service Rate for any VW Paid Plan, in which event, you will have the opportunity to cancel Services if you do not agree to the new Service Rate. Continued use of the Service following such notice of an increases after the opt-out period expires indicates your acceptance to such changed Service Rate. Service upgrades, enhancements, or updates that you request and that we may provide, in our sole discretion, may be subject to additional fees or charges for which you will be fully responsible.
Payment Authorization
You may be asked to provide us with a valid credit card number from a card issuer that we accept in order to activate your paid Services. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these terms, we are not obligated to accept any particular method of payment. You hereby authorize VWoA to charge and place a hold on your credit card for all amounts due by you in accordance with the payment terms applicable to your particular VW Paid Plan. In the event your payment is returned for insufficient or uncollected funds, you authorize us to resubmit, except as otherwise provided by law or applicable rules. Fees associated with your payment account, including, but not limited to, insufficient funds fees, reversal fees, or overdraft fees, are your responsibility and will not be reimbursed by us.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for paying all amounts due and payable to VWoA on time and in full. If your payment information has changed at the time payment is due, you must arrange for payment or provide us with updated payment information or else we may discontinue the Services. We may terminate or suspend the Services (in whole or in part) without notice to you if your credit, charge, or debit card provider refuses a charge from us or if such card has otherwise expired. Even if we terminate or suspend the Services, you will still be responsible for any charges due at the time of such suspension or termination.
You expressly consent and authorize us to: verify, either ourselves or through third parties, your credit, charge, or debit card information; receive updated account information from the financial institution issuing your credit, charge, or debit card; review your credit history and obtain credit reports to determine your creditworthiness; charge all amounts for which you are responsible to the credit, charge, or debit card account number you have provided. We will use this information in connection with determining whether to provide you with or charge you for the Service and as described by the VWoA Privacy Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your payment information has changed at the time payment is due, you must arrange for payment or provide us with updated payment information or else we may discontinue the Services. We may terminate or suspend your Services (in whole or in part) without notice to you if your credit card provider refuses a charge from us or if such card has otherwise expired. Even if we terminate or suspend your Services, you will still be responsible for any charges due at the time of such suspension or termination. If we elect to terminate your Service (in whole or in part), you will not be entitled to any refunds or credits regardless of the reason for such termination.
We may utilize an affiliate or third-party processor to process payments for the products and services offered through Car-Net. Your payment details may be retained if such retention is required by them or otherwise required by law. VW does not maintain any information regarding your payment methods.
Payment of Recurring Charges
After any included introductory period ends, the Services will be discontinued unless you renew your subscription with a valid credit card or through any other means of electronic payment acceptable to us and provide us with appropriate authorization to charge the credit card or use such other acceptable means of electronic payment. In the event that you are enrolled in a VW Paid Plan with an automatic renewal feature, you authorize us to use your credit card to automatically charge recurring fees due for the renewal of or continued subscription to a VW Paid Plan. All recurring payments will be due in the amounts and frequency specified for the particular VW Paid Plan and will be charged in advance of the term to which they apply. Your payment method on file will be automatically charged within 24 hours of the end date and time of your current plan, where the end date and time are determined by the initial billing date and time of the plan purchase plus the length of the paid plan (such as 30 days for monthly plans or 365 days for annual plans). If your billing cycle falls on a weekend or holiday, we may charge you on the next business day. To cancel the Services and stop automatic renewal or recurring payments under a VW Paid Plan, follow the instructions in Section of these Terms of Service.
Other Service Charges 
You may be responsible for paying directly to third parties, including Car-Net Service Providers (such as Wireless Service Providers), and in certain circumstances, Response Providers, all charges for services furnished by them directly to you that are not expressly covered by your Service Plan.
Taxes, Fees, and Surcharges; Other Charges
Service Rates for VW Paid Plans do not include certain taxes, fees, and surcharges that may apply to your Service. To the extent applicable, as determined by us in our sole discretion, in addition to Service Rates, we may charge state and local sales taxes, surcharges for federal and state Universal Service Fund contributions, and state and local 911 or other emergency service fees. Charges may also include a cost recovery surcharge. Surcharges are typically assessed to help defray our costs (or the costs of our Wireless Service Providers) incurred in complying with federal and state telecommunications regulations. Surcharges are not taxes or fees that the government requires from consumers.
You are responsible for paying directly to third parties, such as medical providers, emergency responders, and roadside assistance providers, all charges for products or services furnished by them directly to you that are not expressly covered by your Service Plan. Any fees, fines, or other charges levied by law enforcement agencies or authorities and public safety access services due to a false alarm or similar occurrence and related costs will be your responsibility. We may bill you such charges and costs directly to you, and you agree to pay such charges and costs upon receipt.
Disputed Charges
If you think that there has been an error in any charge billed by or through us, you must notify us by calling 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link within 60 days, or such longer period as required by law, after the charge is posted to your account to request an adjustment. If you do not contact us about the disputed charge within this time period, you agree that you have waived your right to dispute the charge and must pay all amounts due in full. If you wish to dispute any charges billed by an Integrated Content Provider or Optional Third Party for their services, you must contact that party directly.
Service Cancellations and Refunds
How to Cancel Service Plans
You can cancel or terminate your Included Plan or a VW Paid Plan at any time by calling the Volkswagen Response Center at 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link, visiting your account profile on the VW Car-Net Website, or using the myVW App and following the instructions to cancel a Service Plan. 
When you cancel an Included Plan or VW Paid Plan, your cancellation and your now cancelled right to utilize the Services will be effective as of the date that you request your Service Plan to be canceled-you will no longer have access to Services made available under the canceled Included Plan or VW Paid Plan. For Services provided by Integrated Content Providers or Optional Third Parties that are made available pursuant to their separate terms and conditions, you must follow the cancellation terms and requirements specified in those terms and conditions. Visit the VW Car-Net Website or the myVW App for links to the available terms and conditions of VW Integrated Content Providers or Optional Third Parties.
Please note that unless and until you cancel all Service Plans in which you have enrolled (including the Included Plan and any VW Paid Plans) and the Primary Driver/User no longer has any connection to the Vehicle (by performing a factory reset in the Vehicle's infotainment screen or removing the Vehicle from the associated myVW account), data may continue to be collected from your Vehicle. Even if you cancel an Included Plan or a VW Paid Plan, your Vehicle may continue to have a functioning i-Button (as described in Section of these Terms of Service) that may allow you to reach a Volkswagen Response Center representative.
Please see Section 8 for notice and cancellation requirements if you transfer or sell your Vehicle.
Refund Policy
You will not be entitled to a refund for: any payment that was included in the purchase or lease price of your Vehicle; or for any one-time activation fees or transaction-based fees you may have incurred. Such amounts are not refundable. As for the monthly subscription to the Services, the following applies: if you cancel a monthly subscription to a VW Paid Plan, the Services shall be disabled and subscription cancelled at the end of the month in which you provide a notice of cancellation. You will receive a prorated refund to your valid credit card on file for the period of time remaining during the monthly term.
You will not be entitled to a refund for: any payment that was included in the purchase or lease price of your Vehicle; or for any one-time activation fees or transaction-based fees you may have incurred. Such amounts are not refundable. As for the monthly subscription to the Services, the following applies: if you cancel an annual subscription to a VW Paid Plan within 30 days of activation of such Paid Plan, the Services shall be disabled, and all fees paid to VWoA related to the canceled VW Paid Plan shall be automatically credited in full to your valid credit card on file.
You will not be entitled to a refund for: any payment that was included in the purchase or lease price of your Vehicle; or for any one-time activation fees or transaction-based fees you may have incurred. Such amounts are not refundable. As for the monthly subscription to the Services, the following applies: if you cancel an annual subscription to a VW Paid Plan after 30 days but within 180 days of activation of such Paid Plan, the Services shall be disabled, and you shall receive a prorated refund of the remaining annual subscription to be paid to your valid credit card on file.
For VW Paid Plan subscriptions longer than one month (such as an annual subscription), no refunds will be provided for any VW Paid Plan for cancellation requests received more than 180 days after activation of the Services in your Vehicle.
VWoA may, in our sole discretion, offer a credit on a case-by-case basis for a VW Paid Plan should your Vehicle become a total loss, as determined by us in our sole discretion, and if you notify us within seven days of the Vehicle loss incident by calling the Volkswagen Response Center at 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link. We may also, in our sole discretion, give a credit for a VW Paid Plan (in an amount determined by us) for continuous Service interruption of more than 24 hours on a case-by-case basis if such interruption was reasonably within our control, as determined by us in our sole discretion, and if you notify us within seven days of the continuous interruption. Any such credit shall constitute your sole and exclusive remedy for such failures, and you waive and release us from any further liability to you in connection with such Service interruption.
Please allow 14 days to complete refunds under this policy. No credits or refunds shall be issued by check, money order, debit card, or any other method other than crediting your credit card on file. Trial subscriptions are not redeemable for cash. In the event your credit card on file is no longer valid and VWoA is unable to credit said card, no credit or refund shall be issued unless otherwise communicated to you by VWoA.
Terms Applicable to Specific Services or Service Features
Protecting Login Credentials
It is your sole responsibility to safeguard your authentication information and not share it with any third-party for use in accessing your online account. Neither we nor any Service Partner has any obligation to inquire about the authority of anyone using your Vehicle or other information that can be used to identify your account to request, modify, or use the Service for your Vehicle.
You are responsible for the security of any passwords you use to access the Service. We will make any changes to your account or charge you for any amounts authorized by a person who provides your authentication information.
SHARING YOUR AUTHENTICATION INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES IS NOT PERMITTED BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND MAY LEAD TO A BREACH OF YOUR PRIVACY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR LOCATION AND DRIVING HISTORY INFORMATION, AND YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. ADDITIONALLY, SHARING YOUR AUTHENTICATION INFORMATION MAY LEAD TO YOUR LOSS OF CONTROL OF THE VEHICLE'S CONNECTED SERVICES. We and our Service Partners reserve the right to limit or discontinue service if we suspect that your authentication information is being used by a third party, even if you intentionally shared your authentication information.
Use of Service Buttons in Overhead Console (Two or Three-Button Module)
Your Vehicle may be equipped with certain service buttons, which may include an i-Button, Wrench Button, and SOS Button. Please consult the owner's manual for information on service buttons including important warnings. 
If you have enrolled in a plan for Services but have not created a Car-Net account through the VW Car-Net Website or the myVW App, available Services may be limited, including Services available through Vehicle service buttons. Please enroll and create a Car-net account through the VW Car-Net website or the myVW App.
Calls with our Volkswagen Response Center representatives, emergency personnel, or law enforcement may be monitored or recorded for purposes of quality assurance, issue resolution, maintaining service, training, or promoting or providing services. Our Volkswagen Response Center representatives and our VW Car-Net Service Providers' customer service representatives may remain on the line while conferencing in a third party to assist in completing a service request. You (for yourself and your Vehicle's occupants and anyone else acting or using the Service on your behalf): expressly consent to the monitoring and recording activities described herein; and release us and our VW Car-Net Service Providers from claims, liabilities, and losses resulting in connection with any such monitored and recorded communications.
Non-Emergency Roadside Assistance
If you have paid for the applicable Service Plan that includes non-emergency roadside assistance (or if this Service Plan is included as complimentary), we will attempt to arrange for roadside assistance services when you request it through the Wrench Button in your Vehicle. Non-emergency roadside assistance (such as help with a flat tire) accessed through the Wrench Button in your Vehicle is provided by third parties that may involve additional cost to receive. For example, you may be required to pay fees to a towing company if your car is towed for repair service. If certain roadside assistance services were included in the purchase of your Vehicle for a limited period of time, such third-party fees may be covered during that time, and you will be required to pay the third-party fees following the expiration of the included roadside assistance period or those third-party fees for services that were not included in the purchase of your Vehicle.
Emergency Assistance
If you have paid for the applicable Service Plan that includes emergency assistance (or if this Service Plan is included as complimentary), we will attempt to contact appropriate emergency personnel, such as police, fire department, or emergency responders, for assistance when you request it through use of a service button or when the Equipment if your Vehicle signals for it. However, we cannot guarantee that any such emergency personnel will respond in a timely manner or at all. We will assume an emergency exists if we receive a crash notification signal from your Vehicle, such as a signal that your air bags have deployed. If applicable laws require an emergency to be confirmed before emergency personnel provide service, we will not contact emergency personnel in these areas until we hear your request for assistance, reasonably believe an emergency exists, or otherwise confirm that an emergency exists.
YOU EXPRESSLY RELEASE US AND OUR SERVICE PARTNERS FROM ALL LIABILITIES AND LOSSES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PHYSICAL INJURY AND DEATH) THAT YOU OR OTHERS MAY SUFFER IN AN EMERGENCY SITUATION, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IN THE EVENT OF OUR FAILURE TO CONTACT APPROPRIATE EMERGENCY PERSONNEL, OR A SITUATION WHERE THE SOS BUTTON, ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE BUTTON, OR SERVICES ARE NOT AVAILABLE.
Locating Your Vehicle if it is Stolen
If you have paid for the applicable Service Plan that includes location services for stolen vehicles (or if this Service Plan is included as complimentary), we will attempt to locate your Vehicle if it has been stolen. Our policy is to only provide location information about stolen vehicles directly to law enforcement after receipt of required information and confirmation that the vehicle is stolen, which may take some time. Neither we nor our VW Car-Net Service Providers have any obligation to continue our attempts to locate your Vehicle after 30 days from the time it is first reported stolen to us, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to find it. We do not have any obligation to try to find your Vehicle outside of a Vehicle theft situation, such as trying to locate an individual for you. If your Service Plan provides you with the ability to locate your Vehicle, such as through a mobile application, you should not use this feature to try to locate a stolen vehicle for your own safety. Such efforts are for appropriate law enforcement agencies.
To enable you to continue to receive the benefits of the Services in the event your Vehicle is recovered, we do not terminate the Services when you report that your Vehicle is stolen, and we will not terminate the Services unless and until we get express instructions from you. However, if we have activated a stolen vehicle location service for your Vehicle, some Services may be suspended or unavailable during the time the stolen vehicle location service is activated.
Vehicle Health Reports
Your Service Plan may allow you to receive point-in-time diagnostic information regarding your Vehicle's operations ("Vehicle Health Report"). Not all systems and components are reported by the Vehicle Health Report, but Vehicle Health Reports are automatically shared with your dealer to help manage service and repair unless you opt-out (through the myVW app) of the sharing of such information with your dealership. The Vehicle Health Report does not replace the need to perform scheduled maintenance and vehicle inspections. Refer to your Vehicle's warning and indicator lights for the most current diagnostic information. Always consult owner's literature for maintenance guidelines. You should always follow the Vehicle's scheduled maintenance instructions, regularly inspect your Vehicle, and seek diagnosis and repair of damage or concerns at an authorized Volkswagen dealership. Failure to perform scheduled maintenance and regularly inspect your Vehicle may result in vehicle damage, serious injury, and lack of warranty coverage.
Scheduling Service Appointments
Depending on your Service Plan and your VW dealership's participation in the program, you may be able to schedule an appointment with your VW dealership through the Service. Your request for a service appointment is a request that we send to your VW dealership and is not an agreement by us or your VW dealership to accept all the items contained in your request or to complete them. If you would like to change the VW dealership we have on file for you, you can change it using the VW Car-Net Website or myVW App. We, and your VW dealership, reserve the right at any time to decline or cancel any appointment at any time after you schedule it. We, or your VW dealership, will endeavor to give you notice of such cancellation.
By accepting these terms, you consent to sharing your Vehicle data and other information provided to us in connection with VW Car-Net registration and Services as described in the VW Privacy Statement. Certain information, including your Vehicle Health Report, will be shared with your preferred dealer for your Vehicle unless you opt-out (through the myVW app) of the sharing of such information with your dealership. You may be contacted by us or an authorized VW dealership to discuss certain information available from your Vehicle, such as warning lights, or depending on your Service Plan, your Vehicle Health Report. Some Vehicle issues require immediate attention. You should not solely rely on the outreach described here to schedule service appointments or otherwise attend to your Vehicle; any outreach to you by us, any VW dealerships, or third parties is intended for your convenience only and does not replace your responsibility to perform scheduled maintenance, regularly inspect your Vehicle, heed warnings and instructions in your owner's manual, deliver your Vehicle to an authorized service provider for certain repairs, or comply with recall campaigns. You should always refer to your Vehicle's warning and indicator lights for the most current diagnostic information and always consult your owner's manual for maintenance and repair guidelines.
DriveView Services and Optional Insurance-Related Data Sharing
Enrolling in Car-Net will also enroll you in the DriveView service. DriveView is a service program where we offer driver scores that can show you how you are driving, including a "DriveView Score," by looking at things such as average speed, average speed below 2 mph (idling), hard braking, and night driving. Users enrolled in DriveView Services may also opt-in to share certain GPS, driver behavior, and other data with certain insurance-related companies to be considered for insurance discounts. For more information, please review the separate DriveView and Insurance-Related Data Sharing Terms of Service available hereOpens an external link, which shall apply to your participation in those programs.
Service Limitations Based on Model or Trim Levels
The services and features provided by the Services may not work with or be available to all models or trim levels of Vehicles. If you purchase your Vehicle from a VW dealership, the dealership should be able to inform you about any Services that your Vehicle does not support. Or you may call the Volkswagen Response Center at 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link to inquire.
Text and Data Rates
Standard text and data rates may apply to your use or receipt of certain Services.
If You Purchase a Car-Net Digital Product
The Services may include the ability to purchase certain digital offerings ("Digital Products") that activate optional features in your Vehicle for specified run times, including, but not limited to, on a monthly, annual, or lifetime basis. Please be aware that applicable terms specified in Sections 4, 5, and 6 apply to Digital Product offerings and purchases.
YOU EXPRESSLY RELEASE US AND OUR SERVICE PARTNERS FROM ALL LIABILITIES AND LOSSES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PHYSICAL INJURY AND DEATH) THAT YOU OR OTHERS MAY SUFFER WHEN DIGITAL PRODUCTS YOU HAVE PURCHASED ARE NOT AVAILABLE.
Your Additional Responsibilities
You agree to only use the Services when it is safe and legal to do so and in compliance with these Terms of Service. You are solely responsible for those who use the Services in your Vehicle or use your account information even if you later claim the use was not authorized, and you will be responsible and liable for paying any charges arising from such use and any damages or expenses incurred by VWoA as a result of such use. VWoA has no obligation to inquire about the authority of anyone using your Vehicle or other information that can be used to identify your account to request the Services for your Vehicle.
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE USE OF OR ANY RELIANCE UPON ANY INFORMATION OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES IS SOLELY AND COMPLETELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND RESPONSIBILITY. IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT YOU (AND/OR ANY OTHER DRIVER/USER OR OCCUPANT OF YOUR VEHICLE) FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS FOR USE OF THE SERVICES, EXERCISE GOOD JUDGMENT, AND OBEY TRAFFIC AND ALL OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS WHEN OPERATING YOUR VEHICLE, USING THE EQUIPMENT AND SERVICES, AND/OR EVALUATING WHETHER THE USE OF ANY OF THE SERVICES (INCLUDING THE ROUTING AND DIRECTION DATA YOU RECEIVE) IS SAFE AND LEGAL UNDER THE CIRCUMSTANCES.
Maintaining Your Vehicle
In order for us to fully provide the Services, the Equipment in your Vehicle must be in good working order (e.g., properly connected to power or communication resources), and your Vehicle must have a working electrical system and adequate battery power. The Services may not work if you try to modify the Equipment or add any equipment or software in or to your Vehicle that is not expressly authorized by us or is not compatible with the Equipment or Services. You may need to adjust your use of other Vehicle features, such as adjusting the volume of your radio, to hear the audio portions of the Service. You are solely responsible for the proper maintenance of your Vehicle and its systems (including the Equipment) and for keeping them in good working order and using them in compliance with these Terms of Service and all applicable laws. Always consult owner's literature for maintenance guidelines and the Vehicle's scheduled maintenance instructions.
Insuring Your Vehicle
The Services are provided to you as a convenience. The Services do not constitute insurance, and you should not rely on it to limit the potential for loss, theft, or damage to your Vehicle or property. You are solely responsible for obtaining and maintaining any and all insurance for your Vehicle, your passengers, and your property. No insurance company or insurer will be entitled to any right of subrogation against us or our VW Car-Net Service Providers.
No Illegal, Fraudulent, or Abusive Use of the Services
You agree that you will not use the Equipment, the Services, any associated VWoA Website or the myVW App, or contact our Car-Net Response Center representatives or emergency services for illegal, fraudulent, or abusive purposes, including to harass, threaten, abuse, defame, or slander any individual or entity. You agree that you will use our emergency and roadside service only for actual emergencies and legitimate roadside assistance and remote vehicle door unlock needs. The remote door unlock is not intended as a substitute for carrying your Vehicle key with you.
You may not use the Services in a manner that interferes with any other customers' use of our Services or our provision of our Services to our other customers. You agree you will not abuse or do anything to damage our or any of our VW Car-Net Service Provider's respective businesses, operations, services, reputation, employees, equipment, property, or facilities. You further agree that you will not harass, threaten, or use vulgar, abusive, and inappropriate language toward any customer service representative. You acknowledge that we have the right to terminate your Services if you exhibit such inappropriate behavior, in our sole discretion.
No Unauthorized Use of the Services or Software
You may not engage in any activity to deliberately damage the Services, including any software, data, or settings therein, or undermine the operation or the Services. Without limiting the foregoing, you are expressly prohibited from transmitting any software or other materials containing viruses, worms, defects, date bombs, time bombs, spiders, Trojan horses, screen-scrapers, web-bots, or web crawlers, or other such destructive or disruptive devices; modifying, adapting, sublicensing, translating, selling, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, circumventing, or tampering any portion of the Services; or otherwise exploiting the Services in any unauthorized way. VWoA reserves the right to investigate any suspicious activity and to take all such actions against and obtain such remedies against any user who violates these provisions to the fullest extent permitted by law. We reserve the right to disclose any information about you, including your account information and access to and use of your account, to law enforcement as necessary and as permitted by law to enforce these Terms of Service, to comply with any court order, or as permitted in the VWoA Privacy Statement.
You are solely responsible for those who use the Service in your Vehicle or use your authentication information, even if you later claim the use was not authorized, and you will be responsible and promptly pay for any charges arising from such use and any damages to or expenses incurred by us or any of our Service Partners as a result of such use. Neither we nor any Service Partner has any obligation to inquire about the authority of anyone using your Vehicle or other information that can be used to identify your account to request the Service for your Vehicle. You are responsible for the security of any passwords you use to access the Service. We will make any changes to your account or charge you for any amounts authorized by a person who provides your authentication information.
No Resale of the Services and Limitation on Commercial Use
Except as may be permitted by VWoA in writing, the Services, including the messages, data, information, content, or other material provided as part of the Services, are provided only for your personal use and not for resale. Certain information you receive through the Services belongs to us, or our VW Car-Net Service Providers (or other third parties), and may be subject to one or more copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, or other legal protections. You may not (and may not permit or cause any other party to) sell, resell, or otherwise use the Services or any information provided through the Services for commercial purposes. You must not resell, copy, store, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publish, perform, transmit, broadcast, attempt to reverse engineer, or create derivative works from the Equipment, or otherwise display or distribute information or content you receive through the Services.
No Rights to Identifiers
You have no property right in any number, address, or other communication identifier that may be assigned to you or to the Equipment in connection with the Services. Any such number, address, or identifier may be changed from time to time.
Transferability, If You Sell Your Car
If you plan to sell or transfer your Vehicle or turn your Vehicle in at the end of its lease, it is your responsibility to notify us by contacting one of our Volkswagen Response Center representatives at 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link, and you should cancel your Service Plans and any third-party agreements (e.g., Wi-Fi or satellite radio) in accordance with Section 6 of these Terms of Service. You remain responsible for the Services and any applicable fees due under the VW Car-Net account until you contact us and cancel Services.
If you fail to notify us of a sale or transfer of your Vehicle or termination of your lease, we may continue to send messages to the Equipment in your Vehicle and other personal information may be available through the Equipment. We are not responsible for any privacy-related damages you may suffer as a result of such a failure to notify us of a sale or transfer of your Vehicle.
It is your responsibility to remove all data and content (including any personal information), if any, that you may have stored on your Vehicle before you sell or transfer your Vehicle by disassociating, removing, or unlinking your Vehicle with the myVW app and performing a factory reset in the vehicle's infotainment screen. Please note that performing a factory reset automatically cancels any active Car-Net subscriptions and myVW account affiliations. It is also your sole responsibility to cancel the Services related to the Vehicle you turn in, including any wireless data plan with your wireless provider or services provided by Optional Third Parties. You can call the Volkswagen Response Center at 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link to learn how to perform a factory reset or otherwise delete information stored on your Vehicle. Performance of a factory reset may disable active Car-Net subscriptions or accounts. Please contact the Volkswagen Response Center at the number above for troubleshooting.
Rental and Fleet Vehicles
These Terms of Service also apply to drivers and users of rental cars and other company fleet vehicles that are equipped with VW Car-Net Equipment and have the Services activated by the owner or fleet manager. It is the responsibility of the fleet vehicle owner or fleet manager to notify drivers and users of Vehicles of the Terms of Service. When you use the Services or drive a Vehicle from such fleet with active Services, these Terms of Service shall apply to your use. Additional terms and conditions may apply to Services provided to fleet vehicles and those additional terms and conditions will govern if they conflict with these Terms of Service. The owners or managers of the fleet may use the data collected through the Services in additional ways that are not covered in these Terms of Service or the VW Privacy Statement. Therefore, you should check with the owners or managers of the fleet or rental cars if you have questions about any requirements, limitations, or data practices that may apply to your use of the VW Car-Net-equipped Vehicle or Services.
Termination, Suspension, Reactivation, Change, and Transfer of Service
Our Rights to Suspend or Terminate the Service
This Agreement will take effect (or retake effect) at the moment you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to abide by the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service, or otherwise when you begin downloading, accessing, or using the Services or Software (or following the installation of the Software), whichever action or event is earliest. VWoA reserves the right, in its sole discretion and at any time and for any reason, to terminate, discontinue, or modify any aspect or feature of the Services. These Terms of Service will also terminate automatically if you fail to comply with its terms and conditions, subject to the survival rights of certain provisions identified below. Termination will be effective without notice. You may also terminate these Terms of Service at any time by ceasing to use the Services, but all applicable provisions of these Terms of Service will survive termination, and each re-access or use of the Services will reapply this Agreement (then in effect) to you.
We can also decide to either suspend or terminate the Services at any time, for any reason in our discretion, including: for network or system maintenance, improvement, congestion, or failure; if we suspect your Service (in whole or in part) is being used for any unauthorized or inappropriate purpose; as a result of your breach of these Terms of Service; due to any event beyond our control as described in Section 7 of these Terms of Service; or for reasons unrelated to you or your account with us. If suspension or termination of the Services occurs for any reason, you acknowledge and agree that you may not be able to access the Services, including the emergency services.
If we elect to terminate your Services (in whole or in part) as a result of your breach of these Terms of Service or unauthorized use of the Services or Equipment, you will not be entitled to any refunds or credits. You do not have any right to have your Services reactivated even if you cure any of the issues that resulted in the termination or suspension of your Service. It is solely our decision as to whether to allow you to reactivate Services. If we do decide to reactivate your Services, we have the right to charge a reactivation fee and any past due amounts must be paid before the Services are reactivated.
In addition, if we are advised by your financing company, or any VW Company (as defined in Section 10), or otherwise receive confirmation that you no longer own or lease your Vehicle, we may suspend or terminate your Services. Please see Sections and above for requesting a transfer or cancellation of the Services.
This Section does not include termination of services provided by a Service Partner (as defined above) that are subject to separate terms and conditions.
Reactivation of Service
You do not have any right to have your Service reactivated, even if you cure any of the issues that resulted in the termination or suspension of your Service. It is solely our decision as to whether to allow you to have Service again. If we do decide to reactivate your Services, we have the right to charge a reactivation fee.
Authority to Use, Terminate, Change, or Transfer Your Service/Service Plan
We will only accept requests from you (or from someone we believe is you, or someone with your authorization, such as your authorized agent) to use, activate, cancel, change, reactivate, or transfer the Services. You agree that we can assume that anyone who provides your registration information is authorized to act on your behalf, and that we shall have no responsibility or liability for anything that may arise from our providing any services to, or acting upon instructions from any such individual, even if such individual is not, in fact, authorized by you to use the Service or your account. You should notify us immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Service or account using the contact information in these Terms of Service.
Third-Party Beneficiaries
The parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., including its parent company, Volkswagen AG (each a "VW Company"), and all VW Car-Net Service Providers, are third-party beneficiaries under these Terms of Service. As third-party beneficiaries, they are covered by the same protections given to us under these Terms of Service, such as the disclaimers of warranties, limitations of liability, release, and dispute resolution.
You are not a third-party beneficiary of any agreement between us and any of our VW Car-Net Service Providers or other third parties. None of our VW Car-Net Service Providers have any legal, equitable, or other liability of any kind to you under these Terms of Service. You expressly waive any and all claims or demands for such liability.
Changes to These Terms of Service
We can change these Terms of Service at any time. We will notify you of such change by sending notice of or otherwise posting amended terms through your VW Car-Net account and as required by law. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service periodically and when notified of a change. If you do not agree to the change, you can cancel the Services (as noted in Section 6 above). If you do not cancel Services within 30 days after we give you notice of the change, then the change will become part of our agreement with you. You agree that you are accepting such changes for yourself and any additional users of the Services using your Vehicle.
Intellectual Property
The Services are protected by the United States and international copyright laws and may be subject to other intellectual property protections, including patent and trademark rights. The information contained in the Services and all modifications, enhancements, and derivative works, including all related inventions, know-how, images, designs, photographs, writings, methodologies, documentation, reports, specifications, data generated from your use of the Vehicle and Services and analytics relating to such data, and all intellectual property rights relating to any of the foregoing (collectively, "Materials") are the sole property of VWoA or its respective authorized licensors, sponsored parties, and content providers and are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other proprietary rights. You are granted permission to display, copy, distribute, download, and print Materials solely for the purposes of using the Services and other authorized uses described in these Terms of Service. All copyright laws worldwide apply to use of the Materials and unauthorized use and copying is strictly prohibited. Except as may be provided in these Terms, we do not grant any express or implied right in or under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or trade secret information whatsoever. All trademarks relative to the Services and Materials are the property of VWoA or other rights holders and may not be used without the prior consent of us, or from the rights holder. "Volkswagen," "VW," "Car-Net," and model names are registered trademarks of Volkswagen AG. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners. Copyright 2024 Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. All rights reserved. You may not (or permit or cause any other party to) reproduce, copy, distribute, modify, make derivative works from, perform, broadcast, display, transmit, reuse, repost, use (except as expressly permitted herein), or claim any right in any aspect of the Services or the Materials, including the content, text, images, audio, and video without our express, prior written permission.
Any trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively "Marks") displayed in connection with the Services are the registered and unregistered trademarks of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. or other third parties. Nothing contained in these Terms of Service or the Services should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use or display any Mark or any variation thereof without the written permission of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., or the other owner thereof. Your use of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc.'s Marks is strictly prohibited.
Claims of Copyright Violations and Agent for Notice
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under U. S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our copyright agent with the following information: An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; 
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under U. S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our copyright agent with the following information: A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; 
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under U. S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our copyright agent with the following information: A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located (e.g., URL) with enough detail that we may find it; 
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under U. S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our copyright agent with the following information: Your address, telephone number, and email address; 
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under U. S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our copyright agent with the following information: A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; 
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under U. S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our copyright agent with the following information: A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or are authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
Any notification by a copyright owner or a person authorized to act on its behalf that fails to comply with requirements of the DMCA shall not be considered sufficient notice and shall not be deemed to confer upon us actual knowledge of facts or circumstances from which infringing material or acts are evident.
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice with our copyright agent. You should be aware that there can be penalties for false claims under the DMCA.
Our copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows by email: VWCustomerCARE@vw.comOpens a mail link
Our copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows by mail: Volkswagen Customer CARE Center, 3800 Hamlin Road, Auburn Hills, MI 48326
Please note that, due to security concerns, attachments cannot be accepted. Accordingly, any notification of infringement submitted electronically with an attachment will not be received or processed.
Disclaimer of Warranties
NEITHER VWoA, ANY VW COMPANY, NOR OUR VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDERS WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THAT SERVICES WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY SPECIFIC TIME OR AT ALL TIMES, OR IN ANY GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION, OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE PROVIDED WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, DELAY, OR ERROR. NEITHER VWoA, ANY VW COMPANY, NOR OUR VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDERS MAKE ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT: THE EQUIPMENT OR ANY OTHER HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE USED WITH THE SERVICES, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW; THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THE DURATION AND ONGOING AVAILABILITY OF SERVICES, AND THE TECHNOLOGIES UPON WHICH THE SERVICES RELY; NONINFRINGEMENT; OR ANY DATA OR INFORMATION OR OTHER SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES. THIS INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF SECURITY, TITLE, CONTENT, QUALITY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, LONGEVITY, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE. ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. VWoA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES. THE ONLY WARRANTIES APPLICABLE TO THE EQUIPMENT IN YOUR VEHICLE ARE THOSE PROVIDED AS PART OF YOUR PURCHASE OR LEASE OF YOUR VEHICLE. SUCH WARRANTY DOES NOT COVER THE SERVICES, IN WHOLE OR IN PART.
Limitation of Liability
BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR BY USING THE EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES, WHICHEVER OCCURS EARLIER, YOU ARE WAIVING IMPORTANT RIGHTS AND YOU HEREBY PROVIDE YOUR EXPRESS CONSENT TO VARIOUS ACTIONS TO BE TAKEN BY US, THE VW COMPANIES, AND OUR VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDERS.
Neither we, nor any VWoA company nor our Service Partners assume any risk or responsibility for your use of the Service, or any of the information or other content (including any POI or third-party advertisement) provided as part of the Service. You acknowledge and agree that neither we, any VW Company, nor any of our Service Partners are liable for dropped calls or interrupted service, or for problems caused by or contributed to by you, by any third party, by buildings, hills, tunnels, network congestion, atmospheric conditions, acts of God or natural disaster, or by any other conditions or circumstances out of our control (as further described above in Section of these Terms of Service). Neither we nor any VWoA Company nor any of our Service Partners assume any responsibility or liability for the use or interpretation of any AI Features integrated into the Service, and we disclaim any liability for damages or losses resulting from the use or reliance on such AI Features.
In addition, you acknowledge and agree that neither we, nor any VW Company, nor our VW Car-Net Service Providers are liable: for our inability to contact any VW Car-Net Service Providers or other party in any particular situation (including any emergency personnel); for any act or omission of any other company, organization, or government entity furnishing a part of our Services or any equipment provided for such Services, including any such company, organization, or government entity's decision to discontinue or sunset any technologies upon which the Services currently, or in the future, relies upon for operation; for errors or omissions of any Service Providers, vendors, dealerships, or manufacturers participating in offers made through us; or for any damages that result from or arise out of the use, installation, repair, or maintenance by you (or by any person you authorize) of the Equipment or Service, or any product or service provided by or manufactured by third parties.
IF VWoA, ANY VW COMPANY, AND/OR ANY OF OUR VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDERS ARE FOUND TO BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY REASON, YOU AGREE THAT THE MAXIMUM, AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF US, ANY VW COMPANY, AND OUR VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDERS TO YOU AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER ANY THEORY OR FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY FAILURE OR DISRUPTION OF SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, FRAUD, MISREPRESENTATION, BREACH OF CONTRACT, PERSONAL INJURY, OR PRODUCTS LIABILITY), SHALL BE LIMITED TO AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE PORTION OF THE SERVICE RATES CHARGED TO YOU FOR THE SERVICES THAT ARE THE SUBJECT OF THE CLAIM FOR THE PERIOD OF SERVICE DURING WHICH ANY RESULTING DAMAGES OCCURRED. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NEITHER VWoA, NOR ANY VW COMPANY, NOR ANY VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDERS WOULD HAVE AGREED TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT TO YOU WITHOUT YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS LIMITATION. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE DAMAGES CAP SET FORTH IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL BE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY OF US, ANY VW COMPANY, AND OUR VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDERS TO YOU. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, ANY VW COMPANY, OR OUR VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR, AND YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY: PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, TREBLE, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUE (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER VWoA, ANY VW COMPANY, OR OUR VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDERS HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED THAT SUCH LOSS MAY OCCUR); OR ATTORNEYS' FEES. YOU AGREE NOT TO MAKE, AND TO WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, ANY CLAIM FOR DAMAGES OTHER THAN DIRECT, COMPENSATORY DAMAGES AS LIMITED ABOVE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THOSE PARTICULAR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
You understand and agree that the VW Companies and our other Service Partners, including, without limitation, the Wireless Service Providers, shall have no legal, equitable, or other liability of any kind to you in any event, regardless of the form of the action, whether for breach of contract, warranty, negligence, strict liability in tort, or otherwise relating to or arising from the Service and you waive any and all such claims or demands. If any VW Company or any of our other Service Partners is involved in any problem, you also agree to any limitations of liability that such entity imposes on its customers.
Indemnification; Release
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless VWoA, any VW Company, and any VW Car-Net Service Providers, including Wireless Service Providers, and each of our or their respective affiliates, officers, directors, contractors, and employees from and against any and all liabilities, settlements, penalties, claims, causes of action, and demands (including any costs, expenses, or attorneys' fees on account thereof) (collectively "Claims") irrespective of the nature of the cause of such Claims, alleging loss, costs, expenses, damages, or injuries (including, without limitation, Claims for libel, slander, or any property damage, personal injury, or death), arising in any way, directly or indirectly, in connection with your (or any occupant of your Vehicle) use of the Car-Net Services or your violation of these Terms of Service or your (or any occupant of your Vehicle) alteration, use counter to instructions, misuse, or failure to use the Services or Equipment.
You agree that the limitations of liability and indemnities in these Terms of Service for your conduct while these Terms of Service were in effect with you will survive even after your Service Plan has ended or the Services have terminated. These limitations of liability apply not only to you, but to anyone using your Vehicle, the Equipment, or the Service, to anyone making a claim on your behalf, and to any claims made by your family, employees, customers, or others arising out of or relating to any Service we or our Service Partners provide or the Equipment.
WITHOUT LIMITATION OF THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, YOU FURTHER AGREE TO RELEASE VWoA, EACH VW COMPANY, AND EACH VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDER FROM ALL CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, AND LOSSES IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND/OR EQUIPMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CLAIMS FOR DATA COMPROMISE, DATA COLLECTION, AND VEHCILE MONITORING CONDUCTED IN ACCORDANC WITH VWoA'S (PAST OR THEN-CURRENT) PRIVACY POLICY, PERSONAL INJURY, OR PROPERTY DAMAGE ARISING FROM THE TOTAL OR PARTIAL FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES (INCLUDING IN AN EMERGENCY SITUATION THAT MAY INVOLVE THE FAILURE TO CONTACT APPROPRIATE EMERGENCY PERSONNEL OR A SITUATION WHERE THE I-BUTTON, WRENCH BUTTON, SOS BUTTON, OR OTHER SIMILAR VEHCILE FUNCTIONALITY FAILS TO OPERATE OR BE AVAILABLE), EVEN IF CAUSED BY THE DISCONTINUATION OF TECHNOLOGIES NOT CONTROLLED BY VWoA OR ANY VW COMPANY OR OTHER VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDER, THE NEGLIGENCE OF VWoA, ANY VW COMPANY, OR ANY OTHER VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR THE MALFUNCTION OF THE EQUIPMENT. YOU AGREE THAT THIS RELEASE EXTENDS TO ANY PARTY CLAIMING UNDER YOU AND THAT NO INSURANCE COMPANY WILL HAVE ANY RIGHT OF SUBROGATION.
Dispute Resolution
PLEASE FIRST CONTACT US FOR CUSTOMER SUPPORT IN THE EVENT OF ANY DISPUTE. IF YOU ARE UNSUCCESSFUL IN RESOLVING YOUR DISPUTES BY COMMUNICATING BETWEEN US WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME PERIOD, YOU AND VWoA EACH AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW ANY CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, OR TO ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PROVIDED UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, WILL BE SETTLED BY INDEPENDENT ARBITRATION INVOLVING A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR AND ADMINISTERED BY THE BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU ("BBB") UNDER BBB ARBITRATION RULES, AS MODIFIED BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. BBB RULES AND FEE INFORMATION ARE AVAILABLE FROM US OR THE BBB. ARBITRATION IS NOT A COURT PROCEEDING. THE RULES OF ARBITRATION DIFFER FROM THE RULES OF COURT. THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN AN ARBITRATION PROCEEDING; 
PLEASE FIRST CONTACT US FOR CUSTOMER SUPPORT IN THE EVENT OF ANY DISPUTE. IF YOU ARE UNSUCCESSFUL IN RESOLVING YOUR DISPUTES BY COMMUNICATING BETWEEN US WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME PERIOD, YOU AND VWoA EACH AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW EVEN IF APPLICABLE LAW PERMITS CLASS ACTIONS OR CLASS ARBITRATIONS, YOU EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PURSUE ON A CLASS BASIS ANY SUCH CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM AGAINST VWoA, ANY VW COMPANY, OR ANY OF OUR VW CAR-NET SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR ANY OF OUR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, PARTNERS, LICENSORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, OR PREDECESSORS IN INTEREST. IF MULTIPLE CLAIMS ARE JOINED IN ONE ACTION, SOME OF WHICH WOULD NOT BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION, THE LATTER CLAIMS MUST BE STAYED UNTIL ANY CLAIMS IN THAT ACTION THAT ARE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION HAVE BEEN RESOLVED. IF CLAIMS ARE ASSERTED AGAINST MULTIPLE PARTIES, SOME OF WHOM ARE NOT REQUIRED TO ARBITRATE, THE CLAIMS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION MUST BE SEVERED. HOWEVER, YOU RETAIN YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A COMPLAINT WITH ANY REGULATORY AGENCY OR COMMISSION; NO ARBITRATOR HAS THE AUTHORITY TO AWARD RELIEF IN EXCESS OF WHAT THESE TERMS OF SERVICE PROVIDE, OR TO ORDER CONSOLIDATION OR CLASS ARBITRATION, EXCEPT THAT AN ARBITRATOR DECIDING A CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO A PRIOR AGREEMENT MAY GRANT AS MUCH SUBSTANTIVE RELIEF ON A NON-CLASS BASIS AS SUCH PRIOR AGREEMENT WOULD PERMIT. IN ALL ARBITRATIONS, THE ARBITRATOR MUST GIVE EFFECT TO APPLICABLE STATUTES OF LIMITATIONS AND WILL DECIDE WHETHER AN ISSUE IS ARBITRABLE OR NOT. IN A LARGE/COMPLEX CASE ARBITRATION, THE ARBITRATORS MUST ALSO APPLY THE FEDERAL RULES OF EVIDENCE AND THE LOSING PARTY MAY HAVE THE AWARD REVIEWED BY A REVIEW PANEL CONSISTING OF THREE ARBITRATORS; AND
PLEASE FIRST CONTACT US FOR CUSTOMER SUPPORT IN THE EVENT OF ANY DISPUTE. IF YOU ARE UNSUCCESSFUL IN RESOLVING YOUR DISPUTES BY COMMUNICATING BETWEEN US WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME PERIOD, YOU AND VWoA EACH AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW IN THE EVENT THE FOREGOING ARBITRATION REQUIREMENTS DO NOT APPLY, YOU AND VWoA EACH WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, ANY TRIAL BY JURY AND A JUDGE WILL DECIDE ANY AND ALL DISPUTES.
Contact Information
For customer care issues or general inquiries regarding VW Car-Net, you may contact or notify us by using your Vehicle's available technology (please consult your owner's manual for more information) or by dialing 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link. Such notices will be considered effective after we receive them. Any notice we send will be sent to your last known billing address or email address as shown on our records for the VW Car-Net account. It is your sole responsibility to ensure that we have the most up-to-date and accurate contact information for you at all times. Any written notice from us will be considered given when we send it by email to the email address you have provided to us that is then in our records, or two days after we mail it to you at the most current billing address that we have on file for you. Any oral notices will be considered given when we call you or when you call us through the i-Button or toll free at 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link and you speak with a live Car-Net Response Center representative. Notices applicable to all users may be posted through the VW Car-Net Website or myVW App.
Calls with our customer service representatives, emergency personnel, or the police may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance, issue resolution, maintaining service, training, or promoting or providing services. Our and our Service Partners' customer service representatives may remain on the line while conferencing in a third-party to assist in completing a service request. You (for yourself and your Vehicle's occupants and anyone else acting or using the Service on your behalf): expressly consent to the monitoring and recording activities described herein, and release us and our Service Partners from claims, liabilities, and losses resulting in connection with any such monitored and recorded communications.
Miscellaneous Terms
The Laws Governing Our Relationship
To the fullest extent legally permissible, these Terms of Service and any disputes arising out of or relating to it, the Equipment, or Services will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, wherever filed, without regard to conflicts of laws principles and subject to arbitration as set forth above. In the event that the arbitration requirements of this agreement are inapplicable or unenforceable, any complaint or other legal action concerning these Terms of Service shall be interpreted under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
Entire Agreement
These Terms of Service (including the Service Plan as described on the VW Car-Net Website, VW Privacy Statement, and any other document or policy incorporated by or into this Agreement) is the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Services or related use of the Equipment. It supersedes all other agreements, communications, or representations, oral or written, between us, past or present, with respect to the Services or related use of the Equipment. We are not responsible for any third-party statements, agreements, representations, warranties, or covenants, oral or written, including, without limitation, any statements from sources other than us, concerning or relating to the Equipment or the Services provided to you pursuant to these Terms of Service or your Service Plan, unless such statements, agreements, representations, warranties, or covenants are expressly contained in or incorporated by these Terms of Service or your Service Plan.
Effect of Termination or Non-Renewal of Terms of Service & Service Plan
Upon termination or expiration of these Terms of Service for any reason, you must immediately stop using the Services and your authorization to use the Services is automatically and immediately terminated. All provisions of these Terms of Service which, by their nature survive termination or expiration, shall survive termination or expiration of these Terms of Service, including, but not limited to, the provisions concerning VWoA's intellectual property, indemnification, disclaimers of warranty and liability, admissibility of these Terms of Service, severability, entire agreement, and governing law.
Waiver; Severability
No waiver of any part of these Terms of Service, or of any breach of it, in any one instance will require us to waive any other instance or breach. If any part of these Terms of Service is declared invalid or unenforceable, all other parts of these Terms of Service are still valid and enforceable.
Relationship Between VWoA, Service Providers, and You
Notwithstanding anything else herein, these Terms of Service do not create any fiduciary relationships between you and us, or between you and any VW Company or any of our other VW Car-Net Service Providers. These Terms of Service also do not create any relationship of principal and agent, partnership, or employer and employee between you and us, or between you and any VW Company or any of our VW Car-Net Service Providers. These Terms of Service will also be binding on your heirs and successors and on our successors.
Third-Party Beneficiaries
Without limitation of anything else set forth herein and unless you enter into a direct contractual arrangement with a particular Service Partner, you have no contractual relationship whatsoever with any of our Service Partners, including Wireless Service Providers or Response Providers, and these Terms of Service do not give you any rights against any VW Company or any Service Partner. You are not a third-party beneficiary of any agreement between us and any of our Service Partners. None of our Service Partners has any legal, equitable, or other liability of any kind to you under these Terms of Service. You expressly waive any and all claims or demands for such liability. Our Service Partners are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms of Service.
Assignment by VWoA
We can assign these Terms of Service, in whole or in part, to any individual or entity we choose, at any time, without notice to you, in our sole discretion.
Export
You agree to comply with all applicable trade regulations and export control laws, both domestic and foreign, and to allow any information you provide to be used for the purpose of ensuring export compliance. The Equipment and the Service and any underlying information accessed or transferred by you using the Services may be subject to U. S. export controls, including the Export Administration Act (50 U. S. C.  2401, et seq.) and the Export Administration Regulations (50 C. F. R.  730-774), as well as the import regulations of other countries. You agree not to export or re-export any such Equipment, software, or information to any foreign country. Any information transferred by you using the Services or the Equipment to any foreign country, entity, or person must comply with the U. S. Export Administration Act and the Export Administration Regulations.
Notice and Contact Information
It is your sole responsibility to ensure that we have the most up-to-date and accurate contact information for you at all times. (i.e., email address, mailing address, mobile phone number). Any notice we send you will be sent to your last known residence or electronic mail address as shown on our records. Any written notice from us will be considered given when we send it by email to the email address you have provided to us that is then in our records, or two days after we mail it to you at the most current billing address we have on file for you. Any oral notices will be considered given when we call you or when you call us toll-free at 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link or you speak with a live customer service representative.
Questions
If you have any questions about these Terms of Services, the Services, Equipment, Service Plans, or any other aspects of this agreement, please contact a Car-Net Response Center representative at 1-833-648-2735Opens a phone link.