Apple Shopping Event 2024 Terms and Conditions 
Customers shall receive an Apple Gift Card with the purchase of an Eligible Product. This offer is subject to the terms and conditions herein and capitalized terms are as defined below. 
Promotion Period: 
The promotion begins on November 29, 2024, and ends on December 2, 2024, (the "Promotion Period"), in the United States of America ("Qualified Country"). 
Qualifying Locations: 
Apple Store locations, Apple Store Online, the Apple Store app and 1 800 MY APPLE (each a "Qualifying Location"). Eligible Products and Promotion Products (as defined in the chart below) must be purchased from a Qualifying Location in the Qualified Country. Only purchases and deliveries within the same Qualified Country are eligible. Orders of Eligible Products and Promotion Products from a Qualifying Location that are placed during the Promotion Period and ship after the end of the Promotion Period are eligible to receive a Promotion Product (as defined in the chart below). 
The Offer: 
Customers who purchase an Eligible Product and a Promotion Product through a Qualifying Location during the Promotion Period shall receive a discount equal to the value of the Promotion Product (depending on their purchase, as set forth in the chart below) off the price of the Eligible Product at the time of purchase. Customers will be charged for all items in their cart, including the Promotion Product. The Promotion Product is redeemable for future purchases only and is not a "gift." This offer expires when the purchase transaction is complete. 
Product Category. Eligible Products. Promotion Product 
iPhone. iPhone 15 
iPhone 15 Plus. $75 Apple Gift Card 
iPhone. iPhone 14 
iPhone 14 Plus. $50 Apple Gift Card 
iPhone. iPhone SE. $25 Apple Gift Card 
iPad. iPad Pro 13" (M4) 
iPad Pro 11" (M4). $100 Apple Gift Card 
iPad. iPad Air 13" (M2) 
iPad Air 11" (M2). $75 Apple Gift Card 
iPad. iPad (10th generation). $50 Apple Gift Card 
Mac. MacBook Air 13" (M2). $150 Apple Gift Card 
Mac. MacBook Air 13" (M3). $175 Apple Gift Card 
Mac. MacBook Air 15" (M3). $200 Apple Gift Card 
Apple Watch. Apple Watch SE. $50 Apple Gift Card 
AirPods. AirPods 4 with Active Noise Cancellation 
AirPods 4. $25 Apple Gift Card 
AirPods. AirPods Pro 2. $50 Apple Gift Card 
AirPods. AirPods Max. $75 Apple Gift Card 
Apple TV. Apple TV 4K. $25 Apple Gift Card 
HomePod. HomePod. $50 Apple Gift Card 
Beats. Studio Pro 
Solo 4 Wireless 
Fit Pro 
Studio Buds+. $50 Apple Gift Card 
Beats. Solo Buds 
Flex 
Beats Pill. $25 Apple Gift Card 
Accessories. Magic Keyboard for iPad Pro (M4) 
Magic Keyboard for iPad Air (M2) 
Magic Keyboard Folio 
Smart Folio for iPad Pro (M4), iPad Air (M2), and iPad (10th generation). $25 Apple Gift Card 
Accessories. Apple Pencil Pro 
Apple Pencil (2nd generation). $25 Apple Gift Card 
Refurbished products, end-of-life products, and open box returns sold as-is are not eligible for this offer. 
Important notice regarding the checkout receipt and monthly statement for Apple Card Monthly Installments purchases with this promotion: A purchase of an Eligible Product made when selecting ACMI (a 0% APR payment option available only in the U. S.) as the payment type at checkout will receive an instant credit (value depending on the type of Eligible Product purchased), which is equal to the cost of the applicable Promotion Product (Apple Gift Card) deducted from the price of the Eligible Product at the time of purchase. You will be charged one ACMI installment plan for the Eligible Product discounted by the instant credit. The value of the Promotion Product (i.e. the value of the Apple Gift Card) will also be charged in a separate second ACMI installment plan for the same number of months as the discounted Eligible Product. The total combined amount charged over the 2 separate ACMI installment plans will reflect the original full retail price of the Eligible Product. Separately, you will receive and be charged for the Promotion Product (Apple Gift Card) in the amount of the applicable instant credit. ACMI is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U. S. for eligible products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com, the Apple Store app, or by calling 1-800-MY-APPLE, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See website_url_lnk for more information about eligible products. APR ranges may vary based on when you accepted an Apple Card. Cardholders who accept an Apple Card on and after October 1, 2024: Variable APRS for Apple Card, other than ACMI, range from 18.74% to 28.99% based on creditworthiness. Rates as of October 1, 2024. Existing cardholders: See your Customer Agreement for applicable rates and fee. If you buy an ACMI eligible product by choosing to pay in full with Apple Card (instead of using ACMI), that purchase is subject to the Apple Card variable APR, not 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on ACMI purchases are subject to the variable APR, not 0% APR. You'll need to select AT&T, Boost Mobile, T-Mobile, or Verizon as your carrier when you check out. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time. ACMI is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government, and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs, or on refurbished devices. The last month's payment for each product will be the product's purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. See website_url_lnk for information about upcoming changes to ACMI financing. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI financing. Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch. Available for qualifying applicants in the United States. If you reside in the US territories, please call Goldman Sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about accessing this offer or applying for Apple Card. 
Qualified Purchases: 
iPhones purchased from Apple Store Online during the Promotion Period and that are purchased via ACMI financing, iPhone Payments, or Carrier Financing and carrier-connected iPhones (AT&T, Boost Mobile, Verizon, or T-Mobile), do NOT qualify for this promotion. Some method of payment types are not accepted under this offer. See checkout for details. 
Procedures Related to Product Returns and Exchanges: 
Returns and exchanges are subject to the policy of the Qualifying Location where the purchase was made. Both the Promotion Product and the Eligible Product must be returned in order to receive a full refund. If the Promotion Product is missing, is not returned, or has been redeemed, the full original value of the Promotion Product will be deducted from the exchange or refund value of the Eligible Product. If the Eligible Product is not returned, special offer pricing will not apply and you will be charged the current full price of the Eligible Product. 
Promotion Restrictions: 
This offer is valid only during the Promotion Period, while supplies last. Eligible Products and Promotion Products are subject to availability. For each Eligible Product category, only two Promotion Products per purchaser may be obtained during this promotion. You must be an individual end-user purchaser to obtain this promotional offer. Resellers, public entities, government entities, nonprofit organizations, educational institutions, education purchasers, enterprise purchasers, and business purchasers do not qualify, and Apple reserves the right to cancel purchases made by such purchasers. If Apple determines that you participated in this promotion but were not a qualified purchaser, Apple will seek a return of the Promotion Product, or reimbursement for the value of the Promotion Product. Purchases of Eligible Products via any channel other than any of the Qualifying Locations are not eligible for this promotion. Subject to Apple Gift Card Terms and Conditions; see apple.com/us/go/legal/gc. Election of the offer may require personal setup of your Eligible Product at the time of purchase. Purchases made on a Corporate Employee Purchase Program or on a Veterans and Military Purchase Program also do not qualify. 
Other Restrictions: 
This offer is void where prohibited or restricted by law. This offer may be combined with other Apple promotions that are directed to individual end-user customers and offered during the same Promotion Period in the Qualifying Locations, subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations applicable to this promotion and such other Apple promotions. Apple is not responsible for any loss, destruction or theft of your Eligible Product or Promotion Product. Apple may use any information provided in accordance with its privacy policies posted online at website_url_lnk Apple reserves the right to change, without notice, the Terms and Conditions of this promotion, or modify or end this promotion at any time without notice. 
2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U. S. and other countries. All other marks appearing within this message are owned by Apple Inc. or may be trademarks of their respective companies. 