Skip to main content 
DO WE USE COOKIES OR OTHER ONLINE ADVERTISING TECHNOLOGIES?
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic data. We also share information on your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. You can read more about any of our purposes or the vendors that we use by clicking on 'Cookie Settings.' This preference centre is accessible at any time through the 'Cookie Settings' button located on every page.
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information using your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be personal information about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
At any time you have the option to accept or decline the use of cookies using the on/off settings of the preference centre, by clicking on the button below cookie Settings
Read more Read less
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website, when visited by a user, asks your browser to place on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and are called first party cookies. We also use third-party cookies, which are cookies from a domain other than that of the website you are visiting, for our advertising and marketing initiatives.
Why do we use cookie?
Cookies are used for various purposes, such as allowing the user to navigate between pages seamlessly, implementing the user's preferences and improving their overall browsing experience, by customising the website according to their navigation and user profile as a Bottega Veneta Srl customer. They can also help ensure that the adverts seen online by the user are more relevant to them and their interests.
What types of cookie do we use?
Our website uses several types of cookie which have different durations. In particular we use Session cookies, which only last for the duration of a browsing session and facilitate your experience on our website; 
Our website uses several types of cookie which have different durations. In particular we use Persistent cookies, which last for more than one visit and memorise your preferred settings regarding our website.
These cookies can also be categorised as follows, depending on who sets them on our website First party cookies, which are supplied by the publisher of the website you are visiting, so that it functions properly.
These cookies can also be categorised as follows, depending on who sets them on our website Third party cookies, which are set on the website by third parties, and are intended to collect data in different ways and for several purposes, for example: collection of analytics data and information on social interactions and behaviours, and also for promotional activities.
What categories of cookie are on our website?
The types of cookie used on our website serve different purposes and can fall into one of the categories below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you that amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will then not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance & analytics cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and determine traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to find out which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information that these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
Functionality cookies
These cookies enable the personalisation of website content by recognising users and remembering their preferences. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly.
Profiling and targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a Bottega Veneta Srl profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not directly store personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site and which enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They can track your browser across other sites and build a profile based on your interests. This may influence the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Do we share data collected through cookies?
We may collect information on our website through cookies and share it with third parties such as social networks or advertising platforms, as well as other companies within Kering, advertising agencies/providers and IT providers (e.g. hosting providers), with your consent where required.
How to customise your cookie settings
At any time you have the option to accept or decline the use of cookies using the on/off settings of the preference centre, by clicking on the 'Cookie Settings' button located on every page cookie Settings
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and to change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may affect your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
If you use multiple browsers (e.g. Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, etc.), you must repeat this procedure for each one, and if you connect to the web from multiple devices (e.g. from work and at home), then you will need to set your preferences on each browser on each device.
Please note that if you completely disable cookies from the browser, some of our website functionalities might be lost, for example, normal browsing of the site and purchasing activity, while any personalised activity such as the advertising you receive when you visit this website will not be tailored to your interests.
For more information on third-party cookies (e.g. advertising or targeting cookies) and how to disable them directly from the browser instead of our preference centre, we invite you to read the relevant privacy policy and opt-out guidelines which can be found here: website_url_lnk
How to contact us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices or how we handle your data, please contact our privacy team and Data Protection Officer by sending an email to privacy@bottegaveneta.com or by completing the form available here (or see How can you contact us? ).
More information
We invite you to read our privacy policy for full details of how we process your personal information.
List of cookies
2024 Bottega Veneta