Welcome to our Privacy Center
At Honda, The Power of Dreams drives us to create intelligent products that enhance mobility and increase the joy in people's daily lives.
We strive to earn the trust and support of the many diverse communities we are honored to serve. As an owner of our products or as a consumer interested in our brands, we want you to feel secure and valued in all your interactions with our company. Honda's excellence in product engineering is matched by excellence in the customer experience, which is sometimes enabled by the responsible use of certain customer data.
We want our communication and features to meet your high expectations and enhance your enjoyment of our products and services. One of the ways we do that is to collect and use certain Personal Information to help deliver personalized experiences when you interact with us across our family of brands.
We recognize the importance of protecting the confidentiality and security of your Personal Information. Accordingly, we employ governance and safeguards to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, and use.
The types of Personal Information we collect vary based on how you use our Sites (like websites and mobile applications) and Services (directly or indirectly, through any other means, including offline activities) and your relationship with us. Our products and the way they operate are complex. To serve you better, we may provide certain Personal Information to service providers, Honda and Acura dealerships, Honda affiliates (including American Honda Finance Corporation), and other companies that provide or enhance services to us or to you on our behalf. These services help provide useful and enjoyable experiences such as seamless integration of our digital properties and in-vehicle features that use geolocation. Although we do not directly monetize your Personal Information, we may disclose it or allow third parties to collect it in limited situations that may qualify as a sale under certain privacy laws. 
We want our disclosures to you to be transparent and easy to find. You can click our Privacy Notice and Vehicle Data Privacy Notice to read more about the ways we collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information, how you can exercise any rights you might have with respect to this information, and how to reach us with any questions. Thank you for taking time to learn about our privacy practices.
Privacy Notice
Vehicle Data Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Your Privacy Choices
California Privacy Notice
PRIVACY CHOICES
Residents of some states have additional rights to access and control their Personal Information and may submit a Privacy Request.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information 
Opt out of sale or sharing of your Personal Information for targeted advertising with third parties. Although Honda does not directly monetize your identifiable Personal Information, state privacy laws may regard some sharing (like sharing your information with your dealer) as a sale. To learn more, click here. 
Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information 
Limit the use of your Sensitive Personal Information to only what is necessary to perform the services, provide the goods that you requested, or for purposes otherwise permitted by applicable law. To learn more, click here.
🛈 Limiting the use of precise geolocation may limit the operation of certain in-vehicle and in-app features and functions. 
Opt-Out of Automated Decision Making and Profiling
Opt-out of certain automated processing of your Personal Information. To learn more, click here.
🛈 Opting out may limit the product and service offers you receive that rely on predictive algorithmic decision making.
Right to Know
Request to know the Personal Information we collected, used and shared about you. To learn more, click here. 
Right to Delete
Request that we delete Personal Information we collected about you (subject to certain exemptions). To learn more, click here.
Submit A Privacy Request
Right to Correct
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. To learn more, click here.
Submit a Request to Correct
Right to Appeal
You have the right to appeal a Privacy Rights request that was denied. To learn more, click here.
Submit a Request to Appeal a Denial