Skip to Main Content
Close
Confirm your ZIP Code
ZIP Code
Please enter a valid ZIP Code. 
Please enter a ZIP Code for offers, inventory, and dealers near you. 
Your location could not be detected. Please enter a ZIP Code. 
Please enter a valid ZIP Code. 
Use my current location Confirm 
Close
Local Dealer
Introducing Hyundai Shopper Assurance.
A whole new car buying experience designed to save you time and help make buying your new car as enjoyable as driving it.
Transparent Pricing 
Get online pricing up front so you can shop and compare with confidence. 
Flexible Test Drive 
Schedule a test drive in advance at your convenience. Or skip the dealership and we'll gladly bring your test drive to you. 
Streamlined Purchase 
On participating dealership websites, you can purchase your new Hyundai quickly and easily. It's a process called Hyundai Click to Buy. From credit applications, loan approvals and payment calculations to financing and trade-in options and home delivery, it's all done simply at your convenience. 
3 Day Worry-Free Exchange 
We're sure you'll love your new Hyundai. If for any reason you don't, return it within 3 days and exchange it for another new Hyundai. 
Car Care Express
Get in. Get out. Get back to your life. Enjoy fast oil changes and more to help maintain your Hyundai. Car Care Express is your best solution for quality and convenience for the following maintenance: hyundai Click to Buy
The easy way to buy a Hyundai online, Hyundai Click to Buy makes shopping from home fast and convenient. Using your smartphone, tablet or computer, it gives you the tools you need to get into your new Hyundai-whether you want to finance, lease or pay cash-plus a whole lot more. 
Shop from anywhere 
Trade in your vehicle online 
Take advantage of special offers 
Calculate your monthly payment 
Apply for credit 
Complete your paperwork online 
Transparent pricing 
Secure and convenient 
Have your Hyundai delivered to you 
IONIQ Dealer
These Hyundai dealers are certified for IONIQ 5 and IONIQ 6 sales, as well as service and maintenance for these models.
NEXO Fuel Cell Dealer
NEXO Fuel Cell is available at these dealers. They're also certified for NEXO Fuel Cell service and maintenance.
Evolve+ electric vehicle subscription service
Evolve+ is our month-to-month car subscription service that comes with 1,000 miles, insurance, maintenance, registration, and roadside assistance. And you can cancel at any time.
Terms of Use 
Last Updated: June 1, 2023
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITE TO BE SURE YOU UNDERSTAND THEM COMPLETELY AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE AND OUR HYUNDAI MOTOR AMERICA PRIVACY POLICY. CONTINUED USE OF THE SITE AND SERVICE CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY AND ADHERE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, INCLUDING THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION POLICY AT SECTION 4 AND YOUR AGREEMENT TO OUR HYUNDAI MOTOR AMERICA PRIVACY POLICY. THE WEBSITES ARE SUBJECT TO ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN AND ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OR CONDITIONS, OR OUR HYUNDAI MOTOR AMERICA PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE, ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITES OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED OR SUPPORTED VIA THE WEBSITES.
These Terms of Use ("TOU", "Terms of Use", or "Agreement") and our Hyundai Motor America Privacy Policy govern your access to and use of the websites and services operated by Hyundai Motor America and its affiliate companies (collectively "Hyundai," "we," "us," or "our"), including HyundaiUSA.com, MyHyundai.com , and other Hyundai websites on which these Terms of Use are posted (collectively referred to in these TOU as the "website" or the "site"). These Terms of Use apply whether you are a "Visitor" (which means that you simply browse the site), or a "Customer" or "Member" (which means that you have enrolled or registered with the sites or are an existing Customer of Hyundai and are using the sites for product or service support. These Terms of Use are a legally binding agreement between you on one hand, and Hyundai and its affiliates on the other, and contain important information about the site and your use of the site. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you must not access or use the site.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement expressly applies to: your access to and use of the sites; any and all transactions between you and Hyundai relating to or arising out of the sites, including for the provision or support of any products or services relating to your relationship with Hyundai, and your access to and use of calculators, research tools, text, pictures, graphics, logos, button items, icons, images, works of authorship and other information and all revisions, modifications, and enhancements thereto contained in the sites.
You may not use or enroll in or purchase any products or services, and you may not accept this Agreement, if you are not of a legal age to form a binding contract with Hyundai. If you accept this Agreement, you represent that you have the capacity to be bound by it or if you are acting on behalf of a company or entity that you have the authority to bind. Before you continue, you should print or save a local copy of this Agreement for your records.
OWNERSHIP OF THE SITE
The site is protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. Hyundai websites may offer featured articles, pictures, information, images, surveys, contests and sweepstakes, advertising, logos, trademarks, audio, video, text, data, music, sound, graphics, photographs, videos, software, and other content and materials on the site (collectively referred to hereinafter as "Content," but excluding specifically User Content as defined below) we hope will be of interest to our visitors. The Content may not be copied, reproduced, published, republished, uploaded, posted, displayed, transmitted, modified, used to prepare derivative works, distributed, or redistributed in any way in any medium whatsoever now known or later invented, except that you may download one copy of the Content on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided you retain all trademark, copyright and other proprietary notices displayed on, embedded in, or otherwise appearing in any Content. Any attempt to modify the Content or to use the Content for any other purpose constitutes a violation of our copyright and other proprietary rights, and may subject you to injunctive relief, statutory damages, and other penalties. The use of any such material on any other website or networked computer environment is prohibited without the express written permission of Hyundai. Hyundai makes no representations or warranties that the Content is available, appropriate, or legal to access. Except for User Content (as hereinafter defined), all Content posted on or otherwise available via the site is owned by Hyundai or used by Hyundai with authorization. Please feel free to browse the site, but you must respect the rules and restrictions set forth in these TOU and our intellectual property rights as set forth in these TOU. No right, title or interest in or to the site or any Content is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted in these TOU are reserved by Hyundai. Please note that downloading software, information, data, images, or other Content from the site does not give you title or other rights to such Content.
RESTRICTIONS ON THE USE OF THE SITE
As a condition of using the site, you agree that you will not Without the prior written consent of Hyundai, modify, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works of, transfer, or sell any Content; 
As a condition of using the site, you agree that you will not Remove, obscure, or otherwise modify any copyright, trademark, confidentiality, or other proprietary rights notices displayed on, embedded in, or otherwise appearing in any Content; 
As a condition of using the site, you agree that you will not Submit, display, or transmit any User Content (as hereinafter defined) that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary rights of any party, or User Content that you do not own or have the necessary and appropriate rights to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; 
As a condition of using the site, you agree that you will not Submit, display, or transmit any User Content that exceeds Hyundai's capacity limits; 
As a condition of using the site, you agree that you will not Submit, display, or transmit any spam, duplicative messages, unauthorized promotions or advertisements, surveys, contests, chain letters, or pyramid schemes; 
As a condition of using the site, you agree that you will not Forge headers, create a false identity, or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to deceive others or disguise the origin of any User Content transmitted to or via the site; 
As a condition of using the site, you agree that you will not Use the site to threaten, defame, abuse, assault, stalk, harass, or otherwise violate the rights of any other person or entity, including, without limitation, rights of privacy or publicity; 
As a condition of using the site, you agree that you will not Publish, post, display, offer, or disseminate any profane, obscene, indecent, unlawful, terroristic, violent, or hateful User Content; 
As a condition of using the site, you agree that you will not Collect, store, publish, post, sell, transmit, or disclose personal data about other users of the site; 
Use the site in any way that violates any applicable law or regulation; or
Monitor or copy Content other than as expressly authorized under these TOU.
SITE SECURITY USE RESTRICTIONS
Hyundai takes the security of the website and its other websites seriously. If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use. In addition to the restrictions set forth above, you may not Use any robot, "bot," spider, crawler, engine, device, software, tool, routine, or any other automatic device or manual process of any kind on the site for any purpose whatsoever without our written permission; 
Hyundai takes the security of the website and its other websites seriously. If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use. In addition to the restrictions set forth above, you may not Engage in any activity that interferes with the proper working of or access to the site or to any host or network; 
Hyundai takes the security of the website and its other websites seriously. If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use. In addition to the restrictions set forth above, you may not Attempt to access data or information not intended for you or log onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; 
Hyundai takes the security of the website and its other websites seriously. If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use. In addition to the restrictions set forth above, you may not Access or attempt to access any system or servers on which the site is hosted or modify or alter the site in any way; 
Hyundai takes the security of the website and its other websites seriously. If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use. In addition to the restrictions set forth above, you may not Upload or otherwise transmit files that contain viruses, worms, Trojan horses, malicious code, spyware, adware, sniffers, corrupted files, or similar software or programs; 
Hyundai takes the security of the website and its other websites seriously. If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use. In addition to the restrictions set forth above, you may not Restrict or prevent any other user from using the site and any products, services, or Content posted on or offered through the site; 
Hyundai takes the security of the website and its other websites seriously. If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use. In addition to the restrictions set forth above, you may not Post or upload User Content (as hereinafter defined) that disrupts the normal flow of dialogue with an excessive amount of User Content (flooding attack) to the site, or that otherwise negatively affects other users' ability to use the website; 
Hyundai takes the security of the website and its other websites seriously. If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use. In addition to the restrictions set forth above, you may not Link to, frame, or otherwise reproduce the site or any other Hyundai website without the prior written consent of Hyundai.
Use the site in any way that violates any applicable law or regulation; orHyundai reserves the right to investigate any violations of these TOU or conduct that affects its system, network, or website security. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in investigating such violations, and to prosecute violators to the fullest extent the law.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION POLICY: BINDING ARBITRATION
PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS.
MOST CUSTOMER CONCERNS CAN BE RESOLVED QUICKLY AND TO THE CUSTOMER'S SATISFACTION BY CONTACTING HYUNDAI'S CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT AT consumeraffairs@hmausa.com OR CALLING 800-633-5151. IN THE UNLIKELY EVENT THAT HYUNDAI'S CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT IS UNABLE TO RESOLVE YOUR CONCERNS, WE EACH AGREE TO RESOLVE THOSE DISPUTES THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION OR SMALL CLAIMS COURT INSTEAD OF IN COURTS OF GENERAL JURISDICTION TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. ARBITRATION IS MORE INFORMAL THAN A LAWSUIT IN COURT. ARBITRATION USES A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR INSTEAD OF A JUDGE OR JURY, ALLOWS FOR MORE LIMITED DISCOVERY THAN IN COURT, AND IS SUBJECT TO VERY LIMITED REVIEW BY COURTS. ARBITRATORS CAN AWARD THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF THAT A COURT CAN AWARD. ANY ARBITRATION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL TAKE PLACE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW; CLASS ARBITRATIONS, CLASS ACTIONS OR REPRESENTATIVE ARBITRATIONS ARE NOT PERMITTED. HYUNDAI WILL PAY ALL ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS OF THE ARBITRATOR, NO MATTER WHO WINS, SO LONG AS YOUR CLAIM IS NOT FRIVOLOUS OR BROUGHT IN BAD FAITH. HOWEVER, IN ARBITRATION, BOTH YOU AND HYUNDAI WILL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER ATTORNEYS' FEES FROM THE OTHER PARTY TO THE SAME EXTENT AS YOU WOULD BE IN COURT.
Arbitration Agreement.
Hyundai and you agree to arbitrate any and all disputes, including any disputes related to text messaging and chat functions, and claims between us arising out of or relating to this Agreement, use of the sites, or products, services, or programs you purchase, enroll in or seek product/service support for, whether you are a Visitor or Customer, via the sites or through mobile application, except any disputes or claims which under governing law are not subject to arbitration, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted and to make all disputes and claims between us subject to arbitration to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, any dispute you or we may have relating to copyrights or other intellectual property (as set forth in Section 5 below) shall not be governed by this agreement to arbitrate. For the avoidance of doubt, this means that any claims you or we may have relating to intellectual property rights against the other, including injunctive and other relief sought, may be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction. The agreement to arbitrate otherwise includes, but is not limited to claims based in contract, tort, warranty, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory; claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us arising out of any website or service; claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising); claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; claims relating to your vehicle for which you seek product or service support via the sites; claims arising out of or relating to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act; claims relating to your data privacy or information security; and claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
For purposes of this arbitration provision, references to "Hyundai," "you," and "us" shall include our respective parent entities, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors and assigns, websites of the foregoing, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services, products or information provided or made available under this or prior Agreements between us relating to or arising from any aspect of your use or access of the sites. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court. You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and Hyundai are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class or representative action to the maximum extent permitted by law. This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement or your relationship with Hyundai for any reason.
A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute ("Notice''). The Notice to Hyundai should be addressed to: Consumer Affairs, Hyundai Motor America, Legal Department, 10550 Talbert Avenue, Fountain Valley, CA 92728-0850. ("Notice Address''). The Notice must describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and set forth the specific relief you seek from Hyundai ("Demand''). If Hyundai and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or Hyundai may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by Hyundai or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or Hyundai is entitled. In arbitration, and to the extent otherwise permitted by law, the parties may exchange "offers of compromise" or stipulate to judgments or awards in the same way the parties could in court, including for example, under California Code of Civil Procedure Section 998 for arbitrations taking place in California. Such offers of compromise shall have the same force and effect as they would in a court proceeding. The arbitration proceedings shall otherwise remain confidential, except for purposes of seeking court intervention (if necessary).
You may obtain more information about arbitration from website_url_lnk 
After Hyundai receives notice at the Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration, it will promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee. The filing fee currently is $200, but is subject to change by the arbitration provider. The arbitration will be governed by the Consumer Arbitration Rules (the "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by this Agreement, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules are available online at website_url_lnk , by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by writing to the Notice Address. The AAA Rules may change from time to time, and you should review them periodically.
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision as well as the Agreement's other terms and conditions, and the arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any such dispute relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision or any other term of this Agreement including, but not limited to any claim that all or any part of this arbitration provision or Agreement is void or voidable. However if putative class or representative claims are initially brought by either party in a court of law, and a motion to compel arbitration is brought by any party, then the court shall decide whether this agreement permits class proceedings. For the avoidance of doubt, the court and arbitrator shall be bound by the terms of this Agreement, including with regard to the class and representative waiver provision. In any arbitration, the arbitrator shall be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall follow the applicable law. The arbitrator shall not have the power to commit manifest errors of law or legal reasoning, and any award rendered by the arbitrator that employs a manifest error of law or legal reasoning may be vacated or corrected by a court of competent jurisdiction for any such error. Unless Hyundai and you agree otherwise, any arbitration will be governed by the substantive laws of your state, and hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing or registered address. Case management and other hearings shall be heard via telephone unless otherwise agreed to. Except as otherwise provided for herein, Hyundai will pay all AAA filing, administration and arbitrator fees for any arbitration initiated in accordance with the notice requirements above. If, however, the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all such fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. In such case, you agree to reimburse Hyundai for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules.
Discovery and the exchange of non-privileged information relevant to the dispute will be governed by the AAA Rules.
YOU AND HYUNDAI AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. Further, unless both you and Hyundai agree otherwise, the arbitrator or arbitration administrator may not consolidate or aggregate more than one person's claims (except as set forth in subparagraph below) and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. The arbitrator may award injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. If this specific subparagraph is found to be unenforceable in its entirety, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void. However, if only a portion of this subparagraph is found to be unenforceable, then the unenforceable portion of the provision shall be stricken, and the remainder of subparagraph enforced. Any claims or causes of action seeking relief not subject to individual arbitration under applicable law shall be stayed in a court of competent jurisdiction pending completion of individual arbitration to the maximum extent permitted by law. Nothing in subparagraph or below shall prevent you or Hyundai from participating in a classwide settlement of claims.
YOU AND HYUNDAI AGREE THAT ADMINISTRATION OF ANY MASS, COLLECTIVE OR BATCH ARBITRATION SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THIS SUBPARAGRAPH (F). You and Hyundai agree that a "mass, collective, and batch arbitration" includes, but is not limited to, instances in which you and others are represented by a law firm or collection of law firms or legal counsel that has filed more than 150 arbitration demands of a substantially similar nature against Hyundai, alleging similar or identical claims or causes of action, within 180 days of the arbitration demand filed on your or others behalf, and the law firm or collective of legal counsel/law firms seeks to simultaneously or collectively administer and arbitrate all the arbitration demands together. If more than 150 arbitration demands of a substantially similar nature, alleging the similar or identical claims or causes of action, are filed against Hyundai by the same law firm or collection of legal counsel/law firms within 180 days of one another, each arbitration demand must be filed, administered, arbitrated, and resolved pursuant to this subparagraph (f).
Specifically, in order to increase the efficiency of resolution for any mass, collective, and batch arbitration, in the event 150 or more similar arbitration demands against Hyundai are filed within a 180 day period pursuant to the above, the arbitration provider shall group the arbitration demands into batches of no more than 150 demands per group; and provide for resolution of each group or batch as a single arbitration with one set of filing and administrative fees and a single arbitrator assigned per group or batch. You and Hyundai agree to cooperate in good faith with the arbitration provider to implement the aforementioned protocol for mass, collective, and batch arbitrations with regard to resolution, fees and administration. If subparagraphs (f)(i) or (f)(ii) are not enforced, or the arbitration provider refuses to follow these specific mass, collective, and batch arbitration protocols, then each arbitration demand must be filed, administered, arbitrated, and resolved individually, or the parties agree to seek out a different, mutually agreeable and widely-recognized arbitration organization agreeable to follow subparagraphs (f)(i) or (f)(ii). If any other portion of this subparagraph is found to be unenforceable, then the unenforceable portion of the provision shall be stricken, and the remainder of subparagraph and this agreement shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law. Mass, collective, and batch arbitrations shall otherwise be subject to all other substantive and procedural terms contained within this agreement.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if Hyundai makes any change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to the Notice Address) after your enrollment in a service or program or your use of the sites, you may reject any such change and require Hyundai to adhere to the language in this arbitration provision as written at the time of your enrollment or purchase if a dispute between us arises, by providing Notice to Hyundai at the Notice Address in subsection above.
PROCEDURES FOR MAKING COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS
It is our policy to respond appropriately to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), including by removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity. If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of a copyright owner, please notify our designated DMCA agent immediately to report alleged copyright infringement taking place on the site at: consumeraffairs@hmausa.com, or by mail at Hyundai Motor America, Legal Department, 10550 Talbert Avenue, Fountain Valley, California 92708. DMCA notices must be in writing and must include the following information: Your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature; 
It is our policy to respond appropriately to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), including by removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity. If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of a copyright owner, please notify our designated DMCA agent immediately to report alleged copyright infringement taking place on the site at: consumeraffairs@hmausa.com, or by mail at Hyundai Motor America, Legal Department, 10550 Talbert Avenue, Fountain Valley, California 92708. DMCA notices must be in writing and must include the following information: A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; 
It is our policy to respond appropriately to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), including by removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity. If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of a copyright owner, please notify our designated DMCA agent immediately to report alleged copyright infringement taking place on the site at: consumeraffairs@hmausa.com, or by mail at Hyundai Motor America, Legal Department, 10550 Talbert Avenue, Fountain Valley, California 92708. DMCA notices must be in writing and must include the following information: The URL of the site and a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on that site; 
It is our policy to respond appropriately to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), including by removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity. If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of a copyright owner, please notify our designated DMCA agent immediately to report alleged copyright infringement taking place on the site at: consumeraffairs@hmausa.com, or by mail at Hyundai Motor America, Legal Department, 10550 Talbert Avenue, Fountain Valley, California 92708. DMCA notices must be in writing and must include the following information: Your address, telephone number, and email address at which you may be contacted; 
It is our policy to respond appropriately to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), including by removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity. If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of a copyright owner, please notify our designated DMCA agent immediately to report alleged copyright infringement taking place on the site at: consumeraffairs@hmausa.com, or by mail at Hyundai Motor America, Legal Department, 10550 Talbert Avenue, Fountain Valley, California 92708. DMCA notices must be in writing and must include the following information: A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the alleged infringing material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; 
It is our policy to respond appropriately to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), including by removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity. If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of a copyright owner, please notify our designated DMCA agent immediately to report alleged copyright infringement taking place on the site at: consumeraffairs@hmausa.com, or by mail at Hyundai Motor America, Legal Department, 10550 Talbert Avenue, Fountain Valley, California 92708. DMCA notices must be in writing and must include the following information: A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that all the information in your notice is accurate, and that you are either the copyright owner or authorized to act on the behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
TRADEMARKS AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS NOTICES
All trademarks, logos, trade names, or service marks (collectively, the "Marks") mentioned, used, or displayed on the site are either owned by Hyundai or otherwise are authorized for our use. You may not display or reproduce the Marks other than with the prior written consent of Hyundai. You may not remove, obscure, or otherwise modify any copyright, trademark, confidentiality, or other proprietary rights notices displayed on, embedded in, or otherwise appearing in any Content offered by, viewed on, or received through the site or any other Hyundai website. We may seek appropriate legal action in a court of competent jurisdiction to enforce these and other intellectual property rights, subject to the exceptions set forth in Section 4 and 5 above.
USER CONTENT
Some of our sites allow users to post, submit, or display information, messages, suggestions, questions, comments, postings, advertisements, ratings, ideas, techniques, notes, know-how, drawings, concepts, designs, audiovisual material, photographs, and pictures (including pictures of the user and other representations of the user's name and likeness), digital images or other content in any form (collectively "User Content"). By posting User Content on the site or any Hyundai website, you hereby grant Hyundai an unrestricted, transferable, sublicensable, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, and perpetual license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display, make derivative works of, and otherwise use the User Content in any media or manner whatsoever now known or later invented throughout the world for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or not, without any approval from you. You hereby disclaim any right to any compensation from Hyundai in connection with Hyundai's exercise of its license rights in and to the User Content you have posted on any Hyundai website. You acknowledge and agree that Hyundai is under no obligation of confidence to you, and shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any User Content subject to the terms of the Hyundai Motor America Privacy Policy. By posting the User Content on any site, you represent and warrant that you own the copyright in such User Content or that you have a legitimate license to post the User Content, including photographs or other audiovisual material, without any restrictions whatsoever.
Hyundai has no obligation to monitor the site or any portion thereof. However, Hyundai reserves the right to review any User Content and remove, delete, redact, or otherwise modify such User Content, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, without notice or further obligation or any compensation to you. Hyundai has no obligation to display or post any User Content. Hyundai reserves the right to disclose, at any time and from time to time, any information or User Content that Hyundai deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, contractual obligation, legal, dispute process, or governmental request. Hyundai shall have no liability in connection with any User Content submitted to, transmitted via, or displayed or posted on the site subject to the terms of the Hyundai Motor America Privacy Policy.
INTERACTIVE SERVICES (CHATBOTS, MANAGED CHAT, HYUNDAI SHOWROOM LIVE, ETC.) CONSENT AND DISCLAIMERS
This site provides various interactive services, including chatbots, managed chat, and Hyundai Showroom Live functionality. The interactive services are provided as a convenience. Hyundai makes no warranty that these interactive services will be available at any particular time or be free of fault or error. We will disclose the use of the interactive service to the extent required by applicable law. By accessing or using any of these features, you agree that we may record and retain a transcript of all communications with you via these interactive tools, and may record or recreate your activity while using the sites in order to provide the tool and services, enhance your site experience, and for quality and verification purposes.
The interactive services functionality is limited to product inquiries and may not be monitored in real time. By using the chatbots or managed chat you agree that your use will be limited to product inquiries. You further agree that you will not use the interactive services to send any abusive, defamatory, dishonest, or obscene message, and doing so may result in termination of the interactive service session. Your use of the website chatbots is governed by this Section 8, these Terms of Use, the Hyundai Website Privacy Policy, Hyundai Motor America Legal Disclaimer, and the legal disclaimers contained on the Hyundai vehicle and future vehicle landing pages which are incorporated here by reference. Any personal information shared with us or otherwise collected when you use or interact with the interactive services shall be subject to the applicable privacy-related policies and notices described above. For all customer inquiries relating to these services, please contact us by visiting our Contact Us page.
ELIGIBILITY
You must meet any age, geographic, or other eligibility requirements specified at each site to subscribe to a magazine, publication, product, or service that we offer, to order anything online, to participate in certain contests, games or sweepstakes, or to access or participate in certain services at or areas of our sites. By registering at those sites, or for those features or services, you represent that you comply with applicable restrictions. E-commerce areas may include additional restrictions on purchases, return policies, delivery schedules, and the like, depending on individual site and vendor policies.
ONLINE SHOPPING
Some Hyundai sites also offer e-commerce opportunities. Different sites may offer different options for visitors to purchase products or services either from Hyundai or from a third party (see Section 12 below concerning Links and Third-Party Sites). Hyundai does not guarantee that you will be satisfied with products or services purchased from us or from third parties. Quantities of some items may be limited, and delivery may not be available in your area. All orders are subject to prior sale. Neither Hyundai nor its vendors guarantee that all orders will be filled. All other aspects of your online shopping experience, including disputes, shall be governed by these Terms of Use and the Dispute Resolution Policy.
PAYMENTS 
Subscriptions and other services requiring payment generally require use of a valid credit card. Hyundai and its business partners reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to establish other acceptable alternative payment methods for specific services or products, including via mobile application. You are solely responsible for charges owed for all goods and services purchased through the site, including, but not limited to, applicable taxes, shipping charges, insurance, and any other costs. If you are making online payments of any kind, you represent and warrant to the best of your knowledge that any credit card, debit card and bank account information you supply is true, correct and complete, charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit/debit card company or bank, you will pay the charges incurred by you in the amounts posted, including any applicable taxes, and you are the person in whose name the card was issued and you are authorized to make a purchase or other transaction with the relevant credit card and credit card information. Furthermore, you agree and authorize us to: submit a transaction using the card or financial information provided, in the case of automatic recurring transactions, submit a transaction on a recurring basis (e.g., monthly or annual basis) for renewals, if necessary, obtain automatic updates from card issuers or financial institutions for cards or account information provided to us, if necessary, bill you, in a prorated manner (as required), in accordance with the particular fee terms for the product or service you are purchasing or enrolling in, and if necessary (and applicable) bill your mobile carrier via a mobile application if you authorize us to do so. You may cancel your services for ongoing transactions/services at any time by calling customer care or by using any other method specified on the sites (such as by logging in to your account).
LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY SITES
The website may contain links to and from third-party sites, including, but not limited to, sites operated by advertisers, vendors, and promotional or business partners. Sites and e-commerce opportunities operated by third parties are subject to terms and conditions set by those parties, so you should check each third-party site to be sure you understand the terms, conditions, policies, and requirements of that third-party site. Hyundai does not endorse, and the inclusion of any link on the site does not imply an endorsement of, any individual vendor, advertiser, or other third party or any of their products or services, and Hyundai has not taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information provided by any third party. Hyundai has no control over: the quality, safety, or legality of any item advertised or listed by any third party, including vendors, advertisers, or other business partners; or the content of, or any products or services offered by, websites operated by third parties. Hyundai does not guarantee that you will be satisfied with products or services purchased from vendors, advertisers, or other third parties that link to or from any Hyundai website. You acknowledge and agree that Hyundai has not reviewed all of the third-party sites linked to or from the website, does not endorse such third-party sites, is not responsible for such third-party sites, and under no circumstances shall Hyundai be liable for the contents, products or services of any off-site pages or of any third-party sites linked to or from the website. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other third-party sites is at your own risk. Vendors and advertisers are solely responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide, for warranties and guarantees on goods or services sold, for delivery schedules, and for return policies.
COMMUNITY CODE OF CONDUCT
Some websites operated by Hyundai may offer community features, such as internal messaging systems, bulletin boards, forums, or chat rooms. We do not monitor, filter, censor, edit, or regulate information and content provided by third parties on the website, including information provided in community areas, although we reserve the right to do so in our sole discretion, with or without notice. Hyundai does not endorse or warrant the accuracy or reliability of User Content posted or uploaded by users or third parties. You agree that neither Hyundai nor its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, or licensees are responsible for any User Content, and agree to hold them harmless from any liability associated with such User Content posted by other users and other third parties.
When participating in community areas of the website, you represent and warrant that you have the right and authorization to use any User Content you upload or post, and you license to Hyundai the right to use such User Content in accordance with these TOU. In addition to complying with the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in these TOU, including the restrictions in Section 2, you further represent and warrant that you will abide by the following rules: You will not use the website to further any illegal purpose, to violate the rights of any party, or to damage any person or property.
When participating in community areas of the website, you represent and warrant that you have the right and authorization to use any User Content you upload or post, and you license to Hyundai the right to use such User Content in accordance with these TOU. In addition to complying with the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in these TOU, including the restrictions in Section 2, you further represent and warrant that you will abide by the following rules: Except as specifically authorized on certain Hyundai websites and in designated classified ads sections of Hyundai websites, you will not: upload or otherwise post User Content with a commercial purpose, including, but not limited to, offers to sell products or services or attempts to solicit funds or to advertise products or services; post or upload User Content that constitutes or contains "affiliate marketing," "link referral code," "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," unsolicited commercial advertisement, behavioral or viral marketing, or other spam; email such User Content to other users who have not indicated in writing that it is okay to contact them about other commercial services, advertisements, products, or commercial interests; or post or upload User Content that includes links to commercial services or websites.
When participating in community areas of the website, you represent and warrant that you have the right and authorization to use any User Content you upload or post, and you license to Hyundai the right to use such User Content in accordance with these TOU. In addition to complying with the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in these TOU, including the restrictions in Section 2, you further represent and warrant that you will abide by the following rules: You will not post or upload User Content that impersonates any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Hyundai employee, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity.
When participating in community areas of the website, you represent and warrant that you have the right and authorization to use any User Content you upload or post, and you license to Hyundai the right to use such User Content in accordance with these TOU. In addition to complying with the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in these TOU, including the restrictions in Section 2, you further represent and warrant that you will abide by the following rules: You will not post or upload User Content that includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person's explicit consent.
When participating in community areas of the website, you represent and warrant that you have the right and authorization to use any User Content you upload or post, and you license to Hyundai the right to use such User Content in accordance with these TOU. In addition to complying with the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in these TOU, including the restrictions in Section 2, you further represent and warrant that you will abide by the following rules: You will not post or upload User Content that is false, deceptive, misleading, deceitful, misinformative, or constitutes "bait and switch."
When participating in community areas of the website, you represent and warrant that you have the right and authorization to use any User Content you upload or post, and you license to Hyundai the right to use such User Content in accordance with these TOU. In addition to complying with the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in these TOU, including the restrictions in Section 2, you further represent and warrant that you will abide by the following rules: You will not post or upload User Content that advertises any illegal service or the sale of any items the sale of which is prohibited or restricted by any applicable law.
When participating in community areas of the website, you represent and warrant that you have the right and authorization to use any User Content you upload or post, and you license to Hyundai the right to use such User Content in accordance with these TOU. In addition to complying with the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in these TOU, including the restrictions in Section 2, you further represent and warrant that you will abide by the following rules: You will not repeatedly post the same or similar User Content or otherwise impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large burden on our technology infrastructure.
When participating in community areas of the website, you represent and warrant that you have the right and authorization to use any User Content you upload or post, and you license to Hyundai the right to use such User Content in accordance with these TOU. In addition to complying with the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in these TOU, including the restrictions in Section 2, you further represent and warrant that you will abide by the following rules: You will not use any form of automated device or computer program (including "bots") that enables the submission of postings or User Content on any Hyundai website without each posting being manually entered by the author thereof, including, without limitation, the use of any such automated posting device to submit postings in bulk, or for automatic submission of postings at regular intervals. You will not engage in any "web-scraping" of Hyundai's site.
When participating in community areas of the website, you represent and warrant that you have the right and authorization to use any User Content you upload or post, and you license to Hyundai the right to use such User Content in accordance with these TOU. In addition to complying with the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in these TOU, including the restrictions in Section 2, you further represent and warrant that you will abide by the following rules: You will not use a posting agent to post User Content to any Hyundai website.
Hyundai reserves the right to expand on these rules in any specific community area and to condition access to such areas on agreement with such rules, as well as to specified eligibility criteria. Without undertaking any obligation to do so, Hyundai reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to delete any postings that violate its code of conduct, to deny access to its website or services to any person violating these rules, and to pursue appropriate legal action against violators. Hyundai will assist law-enforcement officials investigating illegal activity or violations of these Terms of Use.
PRIVACY
It is our policy to respect the privacy of visitors at our site. Click here to review our Privacy Policy on the website. The terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy are hereby incorporated into these TOU, and these TOU are incorporated into our Privacy Policy. Your use of the site is subject to both the Privacy Policy and these TOU.
LIMITATION OF WARRANTIES
HYUNDAI PROVIDES THE WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR SUPPORTED THROUGH THE WEBSITE "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE," WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, OTHER THAN (IF APPLICABLE) THE WARRANTY PROVIDED TO YOU UNDER THE HYUNDAI ASSURANCE PROGRAM. HYUNDAI SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT, UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY STATED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 
Some states may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so check local laws. 
HYUNDAI DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT OR SERVICES AT THE SITE OR FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS AT THE SITE WILL BE AVAILABLE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, THAT ALL PRODUCTS OR SERVICES LISTED, SOLD, OR ADVERTISED ARE AVAILABLE, OR THAT ALL TRANSACTIONS WILL BE COMPLETED. NEITHER HYUNDAI NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, OR LICENSEES WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS THAT THE CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR INFORMATION CONTAINED AT THE SITE ARE CORRECT, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, UP TO DATE, AND/OR RELIABLE.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL HYUNDAI, OR HYUNDAI'S AFFILIATES, PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, AGENTS, LICENSORS OR LICENSEES, OR ANYONE WHO HELPED DEVELOP, CREATE, PRODUCE, DISPLAY, TRANSMIT, OR DELIVER THE CONTENT, MATERIAL, AND INFORMATION USED IN THE SITE BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, TREBLE, ENHANCED, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, USE OF THE SITE, LINKS TO OR FROM THE SITE, INFORMATION POSTED ON THE SITE, OUR SERVICES, ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES YOU PURCHASE, OR THESE TERMS OF USE, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES FOR ANY AND ALL LOSSES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THE SITE. NEITHER HYUNDAI NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, AGENTS, LICENSORS OR LICENSEES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES YOU MIGHT SUSTAIN BY ENGAGING IN TRANSACTIONS WITH BUYERS OR SELLERS WHO YOU MEET AS A RESULT OF ANY CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS THAT MAY BE POSTED ON ANY HYUNDAI WEBSITE.
Some states do not allow the limitation of liability, so check local laws.
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
Some of our websites may provide a forum (such as classified advertisements) in which non-Hyundai affiliated sellers and buyers may be connected. By engaging in transactions with buyers or sellers that you meet via one of our websites, you proceed solely at your own risk and you agree that Hyundai is not responsible for any damages, losses, or injury that you might sustain as a result of your transactions with such buyers and sellers. You should not engage in any transaction with a person with whom you are not comfortable or whom you suspect might be engaged in improper or questionable conduct. Please be aware that Hyundai, through certain of its websites, merely provides a forum in which buyers and sellers can connect. Neither Hyundai nor its websites posting classified advertisements facilitate any transaction, insure any transaction, or act as an intermediary, broker, or escrow agent in connection with such buyer-seller transactions.
You should be very careful before you send money to any person posting an advertisement on one of our sites. In particular, we urge you to use reputable and well-known money-transfer services and online merchant account services (such as PayPal) when engaging in transactions with sellers of goods advertised on one of our websites. We urge you to proceed with extreme caution in using such money transfer services, and under no circumstances should you deliver cash to a money transfer service with instructions to disburse the funds to an alleged agent of Hyundai or the website on which the classified advertisement was posted. Again, neither Hyundai nor its websites posting classified advertisements act as a transaction intermediary or escrow agent, and you should not do business with any buyer or seller who directs you to work with an employee or agent of Hyundai or the applicable website in completing the transaction.
INDEMNITY AND HOLD HARMLESS
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACCURACY, QUALITY, SAFETY, LEGALITY, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY COMPLIANCE, PRIVACY POLICY, OR CONTENT OF ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCT, OR SERVICE OFFERED BY THIRD-PARTY USERS, VENDORS, ADVERTISERS, PROMOTIONAL OR BUSINESS PARTNERS, OR ANY THIRD-PARTY SITES, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY CLAIM AGAINST HYUNDAI AND ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, AND LICENSEES WITH RESPECT TO THE SAME. HYUNDAI DOES NOT GUARANTEE SUCH ACCURACY, AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR RESULTS OF USE OF ANY CONTENT ON THE SITE IN TERMS OF ITS ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER MATTER. YOU ASSUME THE RISK OF THEIR USE AND THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY LOSS, SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION AS A RESULT OF THEIR USE.
You agree to hold Hyundai and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents, licensors, and licensees harmless from any and all claims, demands, attorneys' fees, damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known and unknown, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of, or any way connected with the use of the site, any transaction occurring through the site, the safety or quality of any goods or services purchased or sold through the site, or the truth or accuracy of any claim made about such goods or services. To the maximum extent permitted by law, California residents expressly agree to waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which states: "A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him or her, must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor." Residents of California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights information: you may contact the Consumer Information Center at (800) 952-5210 or dca@dca.ca.gov of the California Department of Consumer Affairs for consumer inquiries, or you may write to the Department of Consumer Affairs at the following address: Department of Consumer Affairs, Consumer Information Division, 1625 North Market Boulevard, Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834.
You also agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Hyundai and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents, licensors, and licensees harmless from any loss, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the website, your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents that it incorporates by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of any third party in connection with your use of the site.
TERMINATION OF SERVICES
We may eliminate or terminate any Content or product/service posted on or made available through any of our websites without notice to you at any time in our sole discretion. Without limiting any other remedy, Hyundai reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to immediately issue a warning or to immediately, temporarily, or permanently suspend or terminate your participation in the site or any area of the site, and to refuse to provide our services to you if: you breach these TOU or any of the rules or eligibility requirements of the site or the services offered at the site; we are unable to verify or authenticate any billing information you provide to us; or we believe that your actions may cause damage, harm, or legal liability to you or to any vendor, business, or promotional partner, advertiser, other user, the public, or us.
NOTICES
Except with respect to notices of alleged copyright infringement or for demands to arbitrate under the Dispute Resolution Policy, which must be submitted as described above, and unless explicitly stated otherwise in the site, you must provide all notices or complaints to Hyundai via email to consumeraffairs@hmausa.com or mail at Hyundai Motor America, 10550 Talbert Avenue, Fountain Valley, California 92708 or P. O. Box 20950, Fountain Valley, California 92728. All notices from Hyundai to you will be sent to the email or physical address you provide to us. Notice shall be deemed given twenty-four hours after the email is sent, unless we are notified that the email address is invalid. Hyundai reserves the right to send you notice by mail via U. S. mail, overnight carrier (with tracking), postage prepaid, to the address you provided to us during any ordering or registration process. In such event, notice shall be deemed given three days after the date of mailing.
MODIFICATIONS TO THESE TERMS OF USE
Hyundai reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these TOU at any time, so please check the site or any other Hyundai website you use periodically for changes. Changes to these TOU shall be effective upon posting. Continued use of the site following the effective date of any changes to these TOU constitutes your acceptance of those changes. Each time you order, access or use any of the sites, you signify your acceptance and agreement, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by the then current TOU. However, no unilateral amendment will retroactively modify the parties' agreed-to dispute resolution provisions of this Agreement for then-pending or existing disputes, unless the parties expressly agree otherwise in writing. In all other respects, any modification or update to the arbitration provision at Section 4 shall be governed by subsection therein.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Severability. If any provision of these TOU is held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be stricken without affecting the validity of the remaining portions of these TOU, subject to the limitations set forth and applicable to Section 4 for Dispute Resolution. Headings are for convenience only, and are not intended to in any way confine, limit, construe, or describe the scope or extent of such section.
No Waiver. No waiver by Hyundai of any breach of these TOU by you shall constitute a waiver of this or any other provision of these TOU or alter or limit our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
Entire Agreement. These Terms of Use and the materials incorporated by reference herein, including the Hyundai Privacy Policy, form the entire understanding and agreement between you and Hyundai with respect to your use of the site and the products and services offered hereunder, and may be modified only in accordance with the procedures specified herein.
No Agency. You acknowledge and agree that Hyundai, in providing the site, is not acting for or on behalf of either you or any vendor, business or promotional partner, or advertiser. You and our vendors, business or promotional partners, and advertisers are independent contractors. No agency, fiduciary, partnership, joint venture, employer/employee, or franchiser/franchisee relationship is intended or created by these TOU between Hyundai and either you or any vendor, business or promotional partner, or advertiser at the site.
Governing Law/Venue/Forum/Jurisdiction. Your use of the website and any dispute arising out of or relating to your use of the website, or products and services you obtain or seek support for via the website, will be governed by Section 4 of this Agreement (including with respect to the choice of law and venue for any dispute arising under the Dispute Resolution Policy) and the Federal Arbitration Act. To the fullest extent permitted by law, interpretation or application of any provision of this Agreement and any disputes arising out of or relating to it shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, irrespective of its conflicts of laws provisions. In the event that court intervention is required with respect to interpretation, application or enforcement of Section 4 of this Agreement (including without limitation for petitions to confirm or vacate arbitration awards), the parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the federal courts located in Orange County, California to the maximum extent permitted by law. This provision and the terms set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement for Dispute Resolution shall survive termination of your relationship with Hyundai, or termination of the Agreement.
Time Limits. EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW, YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO BRING ANY CLAIM AGAINST HYUNDAI (OR ANY OTHER THIRD- PARTY BENEFICIARY) MORE THAN ONE YEAR AFTER THE CLAIM ARISES.
Related links
About Hyundai
Help / FAQ
Dealer Locator
Confirm your ZIP Code
ZIP Code
Please enter a valid ZIP code.
Please enter a ZIP Code for offers, inventory, and dealers near you.
Your location could not be detected. Please enter a ZIP Code.
Please enter a valid ZIP Code.
Use my current location
Confirm
Ask HeyHyundai
Welcome to Hyundai!
By using our websites, you agree to our use of cookies and Terms of Use. For more information or to manage cookie preferences, read our Privacy Policy or click Cookie Preferences. 
Cookie Preferences Accept
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit our website, we use cookies and similar technologies ("cookies"), which may collect browsing and usage information. Some of these cookies may be provided by third parties. We and these third parties use the information collected via cookies to operate and improve the website and our business, provide you with more personalized experiences, deliver advertising, understand how users interact with the website and other websites, secure our website and online services, and identify and prevent fraud. You can opt out of most cookies on our website, other than those that are necessary to effectively operate and secure our website and online services. 
Opt out of targeted advertising: our website includes Targeting Cookies that enable us and third parties to collect and use information about your device, browser and online activity for purposes of targeted advertising, on behalf of us and others. You may opt out of these on our website by turning off Targeting Cookies below. Your opt out is browser specific. So, if you come back to this website from a different device or use a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt out Targeting Cookies for that browser and device as well. Please review our Privacy Policy for more information about your privacy rights and choices regarding our information practices. 
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details 
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
Switch Label label
Cookies Details 
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies
These cookies collect information that is shared with third parties that may use the information for their own purposes. These cookies support business purposes such as marketing and market research, targeted advertising, and managing social media connections. If you disable Targeting Cookies, we may continue to present generic or contextual advertising to you.
Targeting Cookies
Switch Label label
Cookies Details 
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
Confirm My Choices