Locate a Dealer
Resources
Dealer Login
Notifications
Message Center
View All Messages
Account
For owners
Hyundai Resources
For Hyundai dealers
Dealer-Assisted Enrollment
HyundaiUSA.com
Privacy. Terms of Use. Bluelink Terms & Conditions 
Now viewing 
Home 
Vehicle Health 
Bluelink 
Hyundai Resources 
Finance
My Account 
Message Center 
Contact Us 
Log out
HyundaiUSA.com
Privacy. Terms of Use. Bluelink Terms & Conditions
Personal Information Request 
This site can be used to manage your personal information.
At Hyundai Motor America, your privacy is important to us, as is your trust in our products and services. During your interactions with us, we may collect and use information about you. This may be used to tailor the experience to you or provide relevant information about our products and services. We take great care in your privacy and personal information with us.
Our Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share personal information related to customers, owners, prospective buyers, users of our vehicles and connected services, and business partners, and the privacy rights such individuals have regarding their personal information. If you would like to submit a privacy request to us regarding such personal information, or to check status on an existing request, please select from the options below.
Please review our Privacy Policy for more details on our personal information practices, including types of Personal Information Collected
Please review our Privacy Policy for more details on our personal information practices, including use of Personal Information
Please review our Privacy Policy for more details on our personal information practices, including disclosure of Personal Information
Please review our Privacy Policy for more details on our personal information practices, including privacy Rights and Choices
California Consumer Privacy Rights: California residents have certain rights under California privacy laws, including the right to opt out of sales and sharing of their personal information and the right to limit certain uses and disclosures of sensitive personal information. You may submit a request to exercise these rights by clicking 'Make a New Request' and completing the request form. For more information about your California privacy rights, including additional methods for submitting a request, please go here.
Visit our FAQ page for more information on personal information requests 
Make a New Request
Please click the button below to start a new request.
Get Started
Check Status of a Previous Request
Please click the button below to check the status of a previously submitted request.
Check Status
Submit a Request On-Behalf of Someone Else
Please click the button below to submit a request on-behalf of someone else.
Get Started 
Requests for personal information submitted to our dealers and other business partners should be submitted directly to the dealer or business partner.
California Human Resources Privacy Rights Request Intake Form: If you are a job applicant, or a current or former employee or contractor, of Hyundai Motor America and you would like to submit a request regarding your personal information we have collected in the context of your job application or working relationship with us, please submit a request to our Human Resources Privacy Rights Request Form.
Need More Assistance?
Contact us
MyHyundai
Home
Bluelink
Hyundai Resources
Contact Us
Helpful Links
Bluetooth Help
Emergency Response Guides
Safety Recalls
Engine Recalls
Hyundai Motor Finance
HyundaiUSA.com
Accessories
Warranty
Map Updates
Hyundai is a registered trademark of Hyundai Motor America. All rights reserved. 2024 Hyundai Motor America.
Privacy. Vehicle Technologies and Services Privacy Notice. Connected Services Terms & Conditions. Digital Key Terms & Conditions. Terms of Use. HyundaiUSA.com. Build & Price. Find a Dealer. Personal Information Request
Privacy. Vehicle Technologies and Services Privacy Notice. Connected Services Terms & Conditions. Digital Key Terms & Conditions. Terms of Use. HyundaiUSA.com. Build & Price. Find a Dealer. Personal Information Request
Your session will expire in Would you like to extend your session another 10 minutes?
× Secondary Driver Invitation 
I agree to the terms of use.
Cancel
Enter your new Hyundai VIN
Please enter VIN. Enter a valid VIN
What's a VIN?
A unique 17-character serial number used to identify individual motor vehicles.
Where do I find my VIN?
Driver's side dashboard 
Inside driver's side door jamb 
Vehicle insurance card 
Vehicle title record (pink slip) 
Your service history may automatically display if you visited an authorized Hyundai dealer participating in the service sharing program with Hyundai Motor America.
Your service history may automatically display if the service records shared are matched to you and your vehicle. For the best results, please ensure your name or a member of your household's name and address match the information associated with this account.
Create security question 
Required
Select a security question that you will use to access your account. You will need to answer this question if you forget or change your password, change your e-mail address, or ask Hyundai Customer Care to modify your account settings.
Security question, Please select security question type.
Security answer* Please provide an answer for the question.
Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video. Download the video instead. 
Pause 00:00 / 05:00
Welcome to Hyundai!
Our websites use cookies and similar technologies ("cookies"). By using our websites, you agree to our use of cookies, as well as to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. For more information or to manage cookie preferences, read our Privacy Policy or click Cookie Preferences. 
Cookie Preferences Accept
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit our website, we use cookies and similar technologies ("cookies"), which may collect browsing and usage information. Some of these cookies may be provided by third parties. We and these third parties use the information collected via cookies to operate and improve the website and our business, provide you with more personalized experiences, deliver advertising, understand how users interact with the website and other websites, secure our website and online services, and identify and prevent fraud. You can opt out of most cookies on our website, other than those that are necessary to effectively operate and secure our website and online services. 
Opt out of targeted advertising: our website includes Targeting Cookies that enable us and third parties to collect and use information about your device, browser and online activity for purposes of targeted advertising, on behalf of us and others. You may opt out of these on our website by turning off Targeting Cookies below. Your opt out is browser specific. So, if you come back to this website from a different device or use a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt out Targeting Cookies for that browser and device as well. Please review our Privacy Policy for more information about your privacy rights and choices regarding our information practices. 
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details 
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
Switch Label label
Cookies Details 
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies
These cookies collect information that is shared with third parties that may use the information for their own purposes. These cookies support business purposes such as marketing and market research, targeted advertising, and managing social media connections. If you disable Targeting Cookies, we may continue to present generic or contextual advertising to you.
Targeting Cookies
Switch Label label
Cookies Details 
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
Confirm My Choices