PLEASE NOTE 
We use YouTube videos on our website. To view these videos we require you to accept the cookies which YouTube will set on your device, these are categorised as non-essential functional cookies by Jaguar. 
FUNCTIONAL
MANAGE COOKIE PREFERENCES
PRIVACY POLICY

Last Updated: 10/7/2024
This Privacy Policy lets you know how and why we are collecting and using your Personal Information. "Personal Information" generally means any information that describes or identifies an individual or household.
This policy only applies to any Personal Information collected by or for Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC ("JLR USA", "our" or "we") in connection with commercial activity, including any Personal Information collected through this website and any online features, services, and programs offered by JLR USA (collectively, the "Web Properties"). This policy does not apply when we provide you a different privacy policy or collect data in other contexts, like when you apply for a job with JLR USA (which is governed by a separate policy, you can review here). For the sake of clarity, this policy also does not apply to your use of the InControl services or information owned by anyone other than JLR USA, such as Tata Motors or automobile dealerships.
Your use of the Web Properties is governed by the Terms and Conditions located at website_url_lnk
Overview
What Personal Information do we collect? We collect the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers, Consumer Records, Protected Characteristics, Commercial Information, Audio and Visual Information, Internet or Network Activity Information, Geolocation Data, Marketing and Communications Information, Sensitive Personal Information, and Inferences. We explain those categories in more detail below. 
How do you use my information? We use your information to operate/improve our Web Properties, personalize your experience, communicate with you, provide our products/services, perform research and development, operate our business, support retailer operations, protect information, safeguard our interests, and comply with legal and compliance obligations. 
Do you sell or share my information? We sell and share the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers, Consumer Records, Protected Characteristics, Commercial Information, Audio and Visual Information, Internet or Network Activity Information, Geolocation Data, Marketing and Communications Information, Sensitive Personal Information, and Inferences. We offer options for you to limit our selling or sharing of your information below. 
How long do you keep my information? We retain your information for the period specified in our retention policy, unless legally required to keep it longer.
Personal Information We Collect
We may collect and process different kinds of Personal Information about you. In the last 12 months, we have collected and used the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers such as name, contact information, social media handle, account usernames/passwords, driver's license number, payment details (e.g., credit card number), and state identification card number.
We may collect and process different kinds of Personal Information about you. In the last 12 months, we have collected and used the following categories of Personal Information: Consumer Records such as name and contact information.
We may collect and process different kinds of Personal Information about you. In the last 12 months, we have collected and used the following categories of Personal Information: Protected Characteristics such as age, gender, and racial or ethnic origin.
We may collect and process different kinds of Personal Information about you. In the last 12 months, we have collected and used the following categories of Personal Information: Commercial Information such as details on products or services you purchased or considered. This includes service history, warranty details, product preferences, vehicle configurations, cars purchased/leased, and vehicle identification numbers (commonly known as "VINs"). And it also covers feedback or survey responses.
We may collect and process different kinds of Personal Information about you. In the last 12 months, we have collected and used the following categories of Personal Information: Audio and Visual Information such as call recordings and images.
We may collect and process different kinds of Personal Information about you. In the last 12 months, we have collected and used the following categories of Personal Information: Internet or Network Activity Information such as your browsing history and interactions with our Web Properties. For example, we collect details including internet protocol address, MAC Address or device ID/UDID, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access our Web Properties.
We may collect and process different kinds of Personal Information about you. In the last 12 months, we have collected and used the following categories of Personal Information: Geolocation Data such as your general physical location.
We may collect and process different kinds of Personal Information about you. In the last 12 months, we have collected and used the following categories of Personal Information: Marketing and Communications Information such as marketing campaign data, click throughs, your preferences and consent in receiving marketing from us and our third parties, communication preferences, communications via email, mail and text, and activities while visiting a participating dealer.
We may collect and process different kinds of Personal Information about you. In the last 12 months, we have collected and used the following categories of Personal Information: Sensitive Personal Information such as usernames/passwords for our websites, driver's license numbers, payment details (e.g., credit card number), and state identification cards.
We may collect and process different kinds of Personal Information about you. In the last 12 months, we have collected and used the following categories of Personal Information: Inferences drawn from the Personal Information identified above.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any person under 13 years old. Specifically, the Web Properties are not intended or designed to attract children under 13 years old. If you believe your child has provided us information, you can contact us and ask us to delete it.
How We Collect Your Personal Information
We collect Personal Information from you, your devices, and third parties. You can learn more about each category below.
We Collect Information From You
We collect information you voluntarily provide us. For example, we collect Personal Information from you when you: purchase, order, or request information about our products and services; access a JLR USA's social media account; sign up to receive messages (texts, emails, social media notifications, etc.) from us; participate in a JLR USA contest, event, promotion, or sweepstakes, or respond to one of our surveys; provide JLR USA with comments or suggestions through the Web Properties; and create a user account for use in connection with the Web Properties (your "User Account").
We Collect Information From Your Devices
We collect information from your devices when you engage with us online.
Additionally, we may use cookies, beacons, and other tracking technologies to better understand your activity on our website and across the internet. Our servers automatically log certain information from your device, such as your IP address, browser type, and history on our website.
Below, we highlight some examples of the ways we collect information from your devices Browser Log Files. Our servers automatically log each visitor to the Web Properties and collect and record certain information about each visitor. This information includes or may include your "Internet Protocol", or IP, address, browser language, browser type, operating system, domain names, browsing history (including time spent at a domain, time and date of your visit), referring/exit web pages and URLs, and number of clicks.
Below, we highlight some examples of the ways we collect information from your devices Cookies. From time to time, JLR USA, our advertisers, and other third parties may send a "cookie" to your computer. We use cookies to identify and keep track of, among other things, those areas of the Web Properties and third party websites that you visited in the past in order to enhance your next visit to the Web Properties.
Cookie Name. Purpose. Expiry 
is_events. This cookie will store meta data of user engagements and will be used for personalization activities.. Session 
Session Storage. Purpose. Expiry 
hasVisited. This session storage store data of the user active in the current session. 
Session
Local Storage. Purpose. Expiry 
timespendonsite. This local storage store data of the average of total session time spent by the user on the website in the last 30 days.. Never 
Web Beacons. Some of our web pages and electronic communications may contain images, which may or may not be visible to you, known as web beacons (sometimes referred to as "clear gifs"). Web beacons collect only limited information that includes a cookie number; time and date of a page view; and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides.
We Collect Information From Third Parties
We collect Personal Information from various third parties, such as our Affiliates. We obtain Personal Information from companies within the Jaguar Land Rover family of companies and affiliates related to us by common control or ownership.
We collect Personal Information from various third parties, such as our Retailers and Vehicle Service Providers. We receive Personal Information from third-party retailers and vehicle-service providers in connection with vehicles sales, leases, and repairs. The information that is collected will depend on factors like who you bought or leased your vehicle from and the services that you request throughout the period of your vehicle ownership.
We collect Personal Information from various third parties, such as our Third Party Service Providers. We collect Personal Information from service providers including where we operate accounts on third-party platforms, such as email, text, and chat platforms, survey platforms, lenders, and analytic services providers.
We collect Personal Information from various third parties, such as our Other Third Parties. We receive Personal Information from third parties including where we operate accounts on third-party platforms, such as social media platforms and roadside assistance platforms
We collect Personal Information from various third parties, such as our Advertising Partners. We collect Personal Information from our advertising partners, including those who collaborate with us on joint marketing efforts or host online forms where you can request additional information. We also collect information from our joint marketing partners we work with to offer co-branded service.
Use of Personal Information
We use the Personal Information that we collect for the following business purposes: Operate Our Web Properties. We use Personal Information to enable the features of the Web Properties, including: operating any competitions or promotions in which you may participate; setting up and managing your online account; providing services to you, such as providing you information about our vehicles.
We use the Personal Information that we collect for the following business purposes: Improve Our Web Properties. We use Personal Information to improve the Web Properties. For example, we may use your data to determine which of our products, features, and services are most popular. We also may analyze your information to help us and our affiliates provide services to you as well as develop new features, functionality, and services.
We use the Personal Information that we collect for the following business purposes: Personalize Your Experience. We use Personal Information to personalize your experience on the Web Properties and customize the advertising and content you see.
We use the Personal Information that we collect for the following business purposes: Communicate with You. We use Personal Information to communicate with you and to inform you about products and services. For example, we may send you information about existing and new services, products and special offers.
We use the Personal Information that we collect for the following business purposes: Provide Our Products/Services. We use Personal Information to provide and deliver our products and services. For example, we use your information to operate, secure, and troubleshoot our offerings; support vehicle service, warranties, and recalls; provide customer service and technical support; and facilitate any incentive or rebate programs.
We use the Personal Information that we collect for the following business purposes: Perform Research and Development. We use Personal Information for internal research, development, analytics, and analysis. For example, we monitor current vehicle performance; predict trends or performance; improve existing products and services; and develop new functions, products, and services.
We use the Personal Information that we collect for the following business purposes: Operate Our Business. We use Personal Information to operate our business, including maintaining our records and supporting internal/administrative operations.
We use the Personal Information that we collect for the following business purposes: Support Retailer Operations. We use Personal Information to support retailer operations.
We use the Personal Information that we collect for the following business purposes: Protect Information. We use Personal Information to maintain our network and information security, including protecting your data against loss or damage, theft, or unauthorized access.
We use the Personal Information that we collect for the following business purposes: Safeguard Our Interests. We use Personal Information to protect our interests, including establishing, exercising, and defending legal rights and claims.
We use the Personal Information that we collect for the following business purposes: Comply with Legal and Compliance Obligations. We use Personal Information, as necessary, to comply with legal requirements (including demonstrating compliance with regulatory requirements); enforce our Code of Conduct; prevent fraud; and stop other prohibited, illegal, or harmful activities. We may also use your information to cooperate with law enforcement and regulatory authorities.
We do not use sensitive Personal Information, as the California Consumer Privacy Act defines that term, for reasons other than those allowed by California Civil Code section 1798.121(a) and the associated regulations. 
When We Disclose Your Personal Information
We disclose Personal Information to third parties and others. Specifically, in the last 12 months, we have disclosed your Personal Information to Companies You Choose. We may offer you the option to have us send certain information to third parties or give them access to it. If you choose to do so, your Personal Information and other information may be disclosed to those companies. And that information will be subject to the recipients' privacy policies and practices.
We disclose Personal Information to third parties and others. Specifically, in the last 12 months, we have disclosed your Personal Information to Vendors. We disclose Personal Information to our vendors in connection with services they provide us, such as providing analytics, technical support, and telecommunications services. Our vendors are only allowed to use, disclose, or retain the Personal Information to provide those services.
We disclose Personal Information to third parties and others. Specifically, in the last 12 months, we have disclosed your Personal Information to Retailers and Authorized Vehicle Service Providers. We disclose Identifiers, Consumer Records, Commercial Information, and Marketing and Communication Information to our retailers and authorized vehicle service providers. We provide them this information as needed in connection with your reservation, to honor your request for more information, a price quote, schedule your test drive, or provide repairs or services. We also provide retailers with the foregoing information so they can contact you in their regular course of business.
We disclose Personal Information to third parties and others. Specifically, in the last 12 months, we have disclosed your Personal Information to Business Partners. We disclose Identifiers, Consumer Records, Internet or Network Activity Information, and Marketing and Communication Information with our business partners that we work with to offer goods and services to customers and potential customers, including SIRIUS XM, joint marketing partners, and advertising and analytics companies.
We disclose Personal Information to third parties and others. Specifically, in the last 12 months, we have disclosed your Personal Information to Affiliates. We may disclose Personal Information to our Jaguar Land Rover family of companies and affiliates related to us by common control or ownership.
We disclose Personal Information to third parties and others. Specifically, in the last 12 months, we have disclosed your Personal Information to Rebate/Incentive Providers. We may share Personal Information-such as Identifiers, Consumer Records, Commercial Information-with government agencies or third parties as needed to facilitate your participation in an incentive/rebate.
We disclose Personal Information to third parties and others. Specifically, in the last 12 months, we have disclosed your Personal Information to Safety & Legal Process. We may disclose your Personal Information to comply with legal processes (such as a court order), cooperate with law enforcement or government agencies, and protect the company and others. For example, we may disclose information to enforce our Terms and Conditions; take precautions against liability; investigate and defend ourselves against allegations, ensure the security or integrity of the Web Properties; and protect our rights, property, or personal safety of JLR USA, our customers, and others.
We disclose Personal Information to third parties and others. Specifically, in the last 12 months, we have disclosed your Personal Information to Business Transactions. We reserve the right to transfer your Personal Information, as well as any other information, in connection with the sale, reorganization, or other disposition of all or part of the JLR USA business and assets.
We may also continue making such disclosures going forward. Additionally, we may disclose details that are not Personal Information (such as anonymous user usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) to others to demonstrate the usage patterns for our advertisements, content, functionality promotions, competitions, games and services on the Web Properties and on third party websites.
When We Sell or Share Your Personal Information
We may provide your Personal Information to retailers, vehicle service providers, and business partners who can use that information for their own business purposes. Some jurisdictions consider that disclosure a sale because we get something of value in return. We also allow our advertising partners to collect limited information about you when you interact with our Web Properties so that they can provide you with more relevant advertising based on your online interactions with us and others. This is commonly known as targeted advertising. But some states consider the practice to be "selling" or "sharing" your information.
In the last 12 months, we sold or shared the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers, Consumer Records, Protected Characteristics, Commercial Information, Audio and Visual Information, Internet or Network Activity Information, Geolocation Data, Marketing and Communications Information, Sensitive Personal Information, and Inferences. And we did so to collect data to personalize your experience, provide products and services, perform research and development, and facilitate retailers' and partners' offerings.
We do not have actual knowledge that we sold or shared Personal Information on anyone who is younger than 16 years old that has visited our website.
If you do not want us to sell or share (in other words, make available for certain targeted advertising) your Personal Information, you can opt out by visiting our opt-out page or following the instructions below in the section describing your privacy rights. Additionally, consistent with our goal of offering you choices regarding your information, we are also providing you other ways you can prevent our partners from collecting your information for targeted advertising. You can use the opt outs provided by the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. Alternatively, you can configure your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.) to delete and control the use of cookies.
Some web browsers incorporate a "Do Not Track" feature that signals to websites you visit that you do not want them tracking your online activity. Many websites and applications, including the Web Properties, do not currently respond to web browser DNT signals because those signals are not yet uniform. But you can limit their tracking using the options described above.
Security
We are committed to safeguarding your information. We use reasonable precautions-including technical, organizational, and administrative measures-designed to protect the privacy of your Personal Information, such as your username, password and User Account information. Our security measures, however, are limited to information we control.
The Web Properties may include links and plug-ins to websites operated by third parties, such as Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube, and Instagram buttons ("Third-Party Sites"). JLR USA does not control any Third-Party Sites and is not responsible for any information they may collect/display or their other privacy practices. Please consult those Third-Party Sites' privacy policies for details on their privacy practices.
Your Privacy Rights
Unless noted below, this section applies only to residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah. To the extent required by law, residents in those states have the following rights concerning their Personal Information: Right to Access. You can ask us to provide you details about our collection and use of your Personal Information. Specifically, you can request that we provide you one or more of the following: the categories of Personal Information we collected about you; the categories of sources from which we collected your Personal information; our purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing your Personal Information; the categories of purchasers (grouped by categories of data we sold); the categories of recipients with whom we shared Personal Information (grouped by categories of data we shared); the categories of Personal Information we disclosed for a business purpose to third parties and the categories of such recipients (grouped by the categories of data we disclosed); and the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
Unless noted below, this section applies only to residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah. To the extent required by law, residents in those states have the following rights concerning their Personal Information: Right to Deletion. You can ask us to delete your Personal Information that we collected about you.
Unless noted below, this section applies only to residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah. To the extent required by law, residents in those states have the following rights concerning their Personal Information: Right to Correction. You can ask us correct inaccurate Personal Information we have about you.
Unless noted below, this section applies only to residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah. To the extent required by law, residents in those states have the following rights concerning their Personal Information: Right to Details on Direct Marketing. If you are a California resident, you can ask us, once per year, to provide you information regarding our disclosures (if any) of your Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Unless noted below, this section applies only to residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah. To the extent required by law, residents in those states have the following rights concerning their Personal Information: Right to Opt-Out of Sales. You have the right to opt-out from having your Personal Information sold to third parties. We also make this right available to Nevada residents.
Unless noted below, this section applies only to residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah. To the extent required by law, residents in those states have the following rights concerning their Personal Information: Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising (Sharing). You can ask us to not allow third-party advertisers to collect your information on our website to provide you more relevant advertising based on your activity across multiple websites. [A practice known as "targeted advertising" in some places and "sharing" in California.]
We will not discriminate against you for exercising those rights. If you or your authorized agent want to exercise the above rights, you can submit a request by Emailing us at privacy@jaguarlandrover.com. Please state in the subject line "Consumer Privacy Request" and then explain your request in the body of the message.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising those rights. If you or your authorized agent want to exercise the above rights, you can submit a request by Calling us at 1-800-452-4827 and explaining your request.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising those rights. If you or your authorized agent want to exercise the above rights, you can submit a request by Using our web form to submit a request. You can access that form by going to our contact us page, selecting "Customer Relationship Center" as the category, and clicking on "Privacy Request" as the topic.
When you rely on an agent to submit a request, we will require the agent provide us a signed permission demonstrating that you authorized them to act on your behalf and you to verify your identity with us.
Consistent with our commitment to protecting your privacy, we need to verify your identity before we can honor a request to access, correct, or delete information. We will try to verify your identity by asking for your full legal name, phone number, and email address and then comparing that information against our records. Sometimes, however, we may need you to provide us additional information in order to verify your identity, such as recent commercial activity or other identifying details. And, depending on the nature of your request, we may need you to take additional steps to help us verify your identity-such as providing a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose Personal Information is the subject of the request. We will only use this information to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
If we did not honor your request in full, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia residents can file an appeal by contacting us at Privacy@JaguarLandRover.com. In the subject line, please write: Data Subject Right Appeal. In your email, please include: your name, the date of the decision you are appealing, and an explanation for why you disagree with that decision. We will contact you if we need more information. 
Third party cookies cookie Name. Cookie Provider. Expiry. Consent Categorisation. Cookie Purpose
_fbp. Meta (Formerly Facebook). 3 Months. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. To store and track visits between websites. 
_gid. Google. Session. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 
_schn1. Snap Inc. Session. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. 
_scid. Snap Inc. Session. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. 
_scid_r. Snap Inc. 13 Months. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. 
_sctr. Snap Inc. 1 year. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Used to determine whether a third party tag will be called in a Snap Ads Pixel. 
_ttp. TikTok. 13 months, from the last date it was used. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. To measure and improve the performance of your advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok website_url_lnk 
_uetsid. Bing. 45 days. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. A unique, anonymized visitor ID, assigned by UET 
_gali. Google. Session. Analytics Cookies. used by Google Analytics to determine which links on a page that are being clicked. 
da_intState. Medallia. N/A on Master Doc. Analytics Cookies. N/A on Master Doc 
da_lid. Medallia. 1 year. Analytics Cookies. DXA session ID 
da_sid. Medallia. 30 mins. Analytics Cookies. DXA lead ID 
collection. Blue Triangle Technologies. N/A on Master Doc. Analytics Cookies. N/A on Master Doc 
enabled. Blue Triangle Technologies. N/A on Master Doc. Analytics Cookies. N/A on Master Doc 
landroverusa500z-BrowserVersion. Blue Triangle Technologies. N/A on Master Doc. Analytics Cookies. N/A on Master Doc 
landroverusa500z-txnName. Blue Triangle Technologies. N/A on Master Doc. Analytics Cookies. N/A on Master Doc 
sessionID. Blue Triangle Technologies. N/A on Master Doc. Analytics Cookies. N/A on Master Doc 
da_lid. Medallia. 1 year. Analytics Cookies. DXA session ID 
da_sid. Medallia. 30 mins. Analytics Cookies. DXA lead ID 
intState. Medallia. 30 minutes. Analytics Cookies. Details about all integration states 
AnalyticsSyncHistory. LinkedIn. 30 days. Analytics Cookies. Used to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries 
pxrc. LiveRamp. 60 days. Functional Cookies. Used to analyze how user interacts with the site to optimize ads shown to them. 
UID. AddThis. 13 months. Functional Cookies. A cookie used for sharing website content using AddThis functionality, via email, social networks etc. 
demdex. Adobe Audience Manager, Adobe Experience Platform. 6 Months. Functional Cookies. Audience Manager sets this cookie to assign a unique ID to a site visitor. The demdex cookie helps Audience Manger perform basic functions, such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modeling, reporting, and so on. 
pxrc. LiveRamp. 60 days. Functional Cookies. Used to analyze how user interacts with the site to optimize ads shown to them. 
akamaihd.net. Akamai. N/A. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Google Advertising Products 
-. Akamai. N/A. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Google Advertising Products 
MR. Bing. 7 days. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. to measure the use of the website for internal analytics advertising 
MUID. Bing. 390 days. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. To store and track visits across websites 
_pinterest_ct_ua. Pinterest. 1 year. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. This cookie is the same as _pin_unauth, but as a third party cookie 
IDE. Doubleclick. 13 Months. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. 
test_cookie. Google Advertising. 15 min. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Functionality 
dpm. Adobe Audience Manager, Adobe Experience Platform. 7 Months. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. To provide ad delivery or retargeting. 
fr. Meta (formerly Facebook). 90 days. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Facebook's primary advertising cookie, used to deliver, measure and improve the relevancy of ads 
bcookie. LinkedIn. 30 days. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn , for tracking the use of embedded services 
li_sugr. LinkedIn. 20 days. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn , for tracking the use of embedded services 
lidc. LinkedIn. 3 months. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Used to make a probabilistic match of a user's identity outside the Designated Countries 
UserMatchHistory. LinkedIn. 1 day. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn , for tracking the use of embedded services 
sd-session-id. LinkedIn. 30 days. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. LinkedIn Ads ID syncing 
X-AB. Snap Inc.. 1 Day. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. This cookie is associated with embedding content from Snapchat. 
sc_at. Snap Inc.. 1 Year. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Cookie associated with embedding content from Snapchat. 
muc_ads. Twitter. 2 years. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Contains a unique identifier for the browser used to access 
_ttp. TikTok. 13 months, from the last date it was used. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. To measure and improve the performance of your advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok website_url_lnk 
guest_id. Twitter. 2 years. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Used to identify you to Twitter, if you do not have a Twitter account or never accessed the Twitter.com website directly then Twitter will assign you a unique code to track your visit to the Twitter feed. 
guest_id_ads. Twitter. 2 years. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. This cookie is for advertising when logged out 
guest_id_marketing. Twitter. 2 years. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. This cookie is for advertising when logged out 
personalization_id. Twitter. 3 years. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. This cookie is a secondary unique ID assigned to all visitors/users 
bscookie. LinkedIn. 30 days. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn , for tracking the use of embedded services 
A3. YDA. 1 Year. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Cookies used by Yahoo for advertising on third-party sites and apps 
__podscribe_did. Podscribe. 1 year. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Device identifier 
__podscribe_landrover_landing_url. Podscribe. 1 year. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Store the first page visited 
__podscribe_landrover_refererr. Podscribe. 1 year. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Store the referring site 
First party cookies cookie Name. Cookie Provider. Expiry. Consent Categorisation. Cookie Purpose
apiDomain_3_#. Gigya. 1 year. Necessary Cookies. The shared domain API calls for all sites in a group should be sent to. 
gmid. Gigya. 1 Year. Necessary Cookies. Identifies the logged in user. A unique session ID is linked to the user so that he/she is identified while navigating the website. The user is logged out when the cookie expires. 
hasGmid. Gigya. 6 months. Necessary Cookies. This cookie stores visitor credentials in an encrypted cookie in order to allow the visitor to stay logged in on reentry if the visitor has accepted the 'stay logged in'-button. 
ucid. Gigya. 1 Year. Necessary Cookies. This period shows the length of the period at which a service can store and read certain data from your computer by using a cookie, a pixel, an API, cookieless tracking, or other resources. 
_dc_gtm_UA-#. Google. Session. Necessary Cookies. Used by Google Tag Manager to control the loading of a Google Analytics script tag. 
_ga. Google. Session. Necessary Cookies. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone, including the number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited. 
_gat_UA-#. Google. session. Necessary Cookies. Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 
_gcl_au. Google. 3 Months. Necessary Cookies. To understand what users are doing on the website. 
_pin_unauth. Pinterest. 1 Year. Necessary Cookies. This cookie is a first party cookie placed by the Pinterest tag when we are unable to match the user. It contains a unique UUID to group actions across pages. 
_tt_enable_cookie. TikTok. 13 months, from the last date it was used. Necessary Cookies. This cookie is used as a means of tracking your website activity to help us optimise our advertising. 
AKA_A2. Akamai. Session. Necessary Cookies. This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor's browser. 
at_check. Adobe Target. session. Necessary Cookies. This cookie gives us the ability to test which content is more relevant to you, and show you personalised content based on your behaviour. 
cmapi_cookie_privacy. TrustArc. 6 months. Necessary Cookies. Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. 
cmapi_gtm_bl. TrustArc. 6 months. Necessary Cookies. Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. 
gig_bootstrap_3_#. Gigya. session. Necessary Cookies. Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement, The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. 
gig3pctest. Gigya. Session. Necessary Cookies. This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. 
mbox. Adobe Target. 2 years. Necessary Cookies. A cookie used to keep a number of values (session ID, pc ID, check and disable) to give website operators the ability to test which online content and offers are more relevant to visitors. 
mboxEdgeCluster. Adobe Target. Session. Necessary Cookies. This cookie is only present when/if overrideMboxEdgeServer setting is set to true. 
notice_behavior. TrustArc. session. Necessary Cookies. Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. 
notice_gdpr_prefs. TrustArc. 6 months. Necessary Cookies. Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. 
notice_preferences. TrustArc. 13 months. Necessary Cookies. Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. 
RT. Akamai. 18 days. Necessary Cookies. Allows website to track speed and performance. 
TAsessionID. TrustArc. Session. Necessary Cookies. Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. 
TEST_AMCV_COOKIE_WRITE. JLR. Session. Necessary Cookies. Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box. 
RT. Akamai. 18 days. Necessary Cookies. Allows website to track speed and performance. 
_pin_unauth. Pinterest. 1 Year. Necessary Cookies. This cookie is a first party cookie placed by the Pinterest tag when we are unable to match the user. It contains a unique UUID to group actions across pages. 
gig_canary. Gigya. 6 months. Necessary Cookies. This cookie stores visitor credentials in an encrypted cookie in order to allow the visitor to stay logged in on reentry if the visitor has accepted the 'stay logged in'-button. 
gig_canary_ver. Gigya. Session. Necessary Cookies. Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement, The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. 
segmentId. JLR. 13 months. Necessary Cookies. Enables the display of personalised content across the website. 
JSESSIONID. TrustArc. Session. Necessary Cookies. Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. 
_dc_gtm_UA-#. Google. Session. Necessary Cookies. Used by Google Tag Manager to control the loading of a Google Analytics script tag. 
notice_behavior. TrustArc. session. Necessary Cookies. Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. 
TAsessionID. TrustArc. Session. Necessary Cookies. Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. 
AWSALB. Amazon Application Load Balancer. 1 Week. Necessary Cookies. To provide load balancing functionality 
AWSALBCORS. Amazon Application Load Balancer. 1 Week. Necessary Cookies. To provide load balancing functionality 
consent-categories. TrustArc. 13 months. Necessary Cookies. Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. 
ln_or. LinkedIn. 1 Year. Marketing & Advertising Cookies. Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. 
Privacy Policy Updates
If we change this Privacy Policy, we will post the new version so that you will always be able to understand our privacy practices, including what information we collect, how we use that information, and under what circumstances we may disclose it to others. If those revisions are material, we will contact you about the changes using the information we have on file. The changes will only apply to data we collect about you after the change takes effect, unless you agree that we can use the data we previously collected in new ways.
Contact Us
If you have questions or comments of any kind, or if you see anything on the Web Properties that you think is inappropriate or incorrect, please let us know by emailing us at privacy@jaguarlandrover.com, calling us at (800) 346-3493, or mailing us at jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC
Attn: Customer Care, Privacy Issues 
100 Jaguar Land Rover Way 
Mahwah, New Jersey 07495
2023 Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
COMPARE OUR VEHICLES
Select up to three Jaguar vehicles and compare them side by side
BUILD YOUR OWN
Use the configurator to design your perfect Jaguar vehicle
SEARCH INVENTORY
Search local retailer inventory for your perfect Jaguar model
FIND A RETAILER
Search for a Jaguar Retailer near you
COMPARE OUR VEHICLES
BUILD YOUR OWN
SEARCH INVENTORY
FIND A RETAILER