PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is effective and was last updated July 1, 2024.
Introduction
Welcome! Your privacy is important to Kia America, Inc. (herein referred to as "Kia" or "we," "our" or "us") and its affiliate companies. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how we collect, use, and disclose information when you use the websites and online services that we own, operate, or make available and that link to or reference this Privacy Policy (e.g., websites such as Kia.com, owners.kia.com, and kiamedia.com and certain of our mobile websites, mobile applications, downloads, and interactive features) (collectively, the "Site"). The Privacy Policy also describes how we use and disclose information collected by us "offline" (including, but not limited to, by postal mail, contest submissions, loyalty programs, telephone requests, surveys, or auto shows). In the Privacy Policy, we refer to our online and offline activities collectively as the "Services." This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected using in-vehicle technologies and related services, including online and mobile services that connect to or collect information from your Kia vehicle; a different privacy policy may apply to such collection, such as the privacy policy for Kia Connect Services, available at website_url_lnk 
To the extent we provide you notice on our Services of different or additional privacy policies or practices (e.g., at the point of our collection), those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use.
In addition, please review the Services' Terms of Service, which governs your use of the Services. By using our Services, you consent to our Privacy Policy, the Terms of Service, the terms of service applicable to specific Kia products or services you choose to use, and our collection, use, and disclosure of your information and data, and other activities, as described below.
The Site and information on it is intended for use and access by U. S. residents only. Kia does not knowingly collect, process, access, or intend to access the Personal Information of persons residing outside of the U. S., including in Europe and China. If you do not reside in the U. S., you should stop accessing the Site. Instead, you should visit the Kia-affiliated website that is applicable to your country or region. If you are located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), please visit website_url_lnk 
Linkable Table of Contents
Who We Are
What Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It? 
Kia Site Visitors
Kia Vehicle Owners
Prospective Kia Owners
On-Premise Visitors
Kia Employees
Kia Employees' Beneficiaries and Emergency Contacts 
Applicants for Employment
Kia Contractors
Kia Dealership Employees
Kia Dealership Owners
Kia Dealership Applicants
Other Vehicle Owners
Media Personnel
Government Officials
Other Third-Party Disclosures
Information About Targeted Advertising and Do Not Track Disclosures
What About Information You Share Publicly? 
Do the Services Contain Third-Party Content and Links to Third-Party Services? 
How Do You Contact Us or Update or Inquire About Your Information and Communications Preferences? 
Where Does Kia Process the Information? 
What About Information on Children and Minors? 
What About Security? 
What About Social Media Features and Widgets? 
Data Retention 
What About Changes to the Privacy Policy? 
Your Information Choices 
Accessing and Updating Your Information
Unsubscribe or Opt Out
Your California Privacy Rights
Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, Sold or Shared
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
Right to Opt Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
Right to Limit the Use or Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
Right to Appeal
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer's Privacy Rights
Exercising Your California Privacy Rights
Notice of Financial Incentive 
Response Timing and Format
Your Rights Under "Shine the Light"
Additional State Privacy Rights
Who We Are
Kia is a United States based subsidiary of Kia Corporation, which is based in Seoul, South Korea. We are the exclusive distributor of Kia-branded vehicles, parts, and accessories in the United States. Our "dealers" and "licensees" are independent companies that sell our vehicles, parts, and accessories, and are licensed to operate such businesses using the trade names, trademarks, and service marks owned by us or our affiliates. Our "business partners" are independent companies that we contract with to provide you with or offer you other services and products. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to dealers, licensees, and business partners collectively as "Partners." This Privacy Policy governs only Kia's privacy practices. It does not govern the privacy practices of our Partners, even when you connect to their websites from the Services and when their websites or communications are co-branded with Kia trademarks. To learn about the privacy practices of our Partners, please review the privacy policies of each of those Partners. However, if a Partner discloses information to us (including when you purchase or service a Kia vehicle with a dealer), this Privacy Policy will apply to our collection and use of such disclosed information.
Our "Affiliates" include our parent company(ies), subsidiaries, sister companies, and affiliated companies. As described below, we may disclose information that we collect to our Affiliates. Our Affiliates may have their own privacy policies that govern their treatment of information that you provide to them directly or that they collect when you use their websites, applications, or other services. For example, Kia customers who have financed or leased a Kia vehicle through Kia Finance America will be subject to Kia Finance America's own privacy policy (and terms of use) with respect to the information collected via Kia Finance America's websites, applications, and other services.
What Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It?
In the course of our business, we collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household ("Personal Information"). Although our processing of Personal Information varies based upon our relationship and interactions with you and depends on what Services you have used, the table below identifies, generally, the categories of Personal Information we may have collected from you in the last twelve months, which we may have also shared with or sold or otherwise disclosed to third parties for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. We also would note that we collect different information about our employees than we do about vehicle owners and other non-employees, and the types of third parties that we disclose such information with greatly varies. While we may need to disclose employee social security numbers with benefits providers, for instance, we do not collect or disclose social security numbers of vehicle purchasers, unless you have been specifically notified that we need to collect and disclose that information.
The categories below are those identified in the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA") (Civil Code Section 1798.100, et seq.) (collectively "California Law"). 
Category
Examples
Collected? 
Identifiers.
This category may include: name, postal address, unique personal identifiers, online identifiers, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, license plate number, vehicle identification number ("VIN"), passport number, or other similar identifiers. Under California Law, "unique identifiers" or "unique personal identifier" means a persistent identifier that can be used to recognize a consumer, a family, or a device that is linked to a consumer or family, over time and across different services, including, but not limited to, a device identifier; an Internet Protocol address; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers, or similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone numbers; or other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers that can be used to identify a particular consumer or device.
YES 
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code ยง 1798.80(e)).
This category may include: name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education or employment information, financial account numbers, medical information, or health insurance information.
YES 
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
This category may include: age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex and gender information, veteran or military status, or genetic information.
YES 
Commercial information.
This category may include: records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. 
YES 
Biometric information.
This category may include: imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a face print, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted.
NO 
Internet or other electronic network activity information.
This category may include: browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
YES 
Geolocation data.
This category may include: physical location or movements.
YES 
Sensitive Personal Information.
This category may include Social Security number, driver's license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs; union membership; genetic data; unique biometric information; citizenship or immigration status; contents of certain mail, emails, and text messages; or health, sex life or sexual orientation information.
YES 
Sensory data.
This category may include: audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO 
Professional or employment-related information.
This category may include: current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES 
Non-public education information.
This category may include: education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf (e.g., grades, transcripts, schedules, and student ID numbers). 
YES 
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
This category may include: inferences drawn from the above information that may reflect your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, or similar behavioral information.
YES 
Note: Additional information may be collected by and stored in your vehicle, depending on what in-vehicle features you choose to use and engage. This Privacy Policy only covers information that is collected by, transmitted to, or otherwise processed by us in connection with the Services, and excludes information that is solely collected and stored in your vehicle and remains inaccessible to Kia.
The below sections describe how we collect information from different types of consumers that we interact with, our purposes for collection and how we may disclose and use the information. As described below, data collection and usage greatly varies depending on how you may choose to interact with us and use our products and services.
Kia Site Visitors
Information Collected Directly From You. If you visit our Site, we and our third-party service providers may collect information that you provide to us when you use our Site. The information that we collect and how we process it depends on how you use the Site. We may collect information when you browse through the Site, register or create an account, make an information request, participate in promotional activities such as surveys, or when you otherwise interact with us and provide your information via our Site. 
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We and our third-party service providers such as analytics partners, advertising networks and social networks may use technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information when a user engages online with the Services ("Usage Information"). Some Usage Information may be considered Personal Information, such as if and when it is linked to any information that reasonably identifies you. This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a "Device") whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Usage Information may include, but is not limited to, the following information: device functionality (including browser, operating system, hardware, mobile network information).
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We and our third-party service providers such as analytics partners, advertising networks and social networks may use technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information when a user engages online with the Services ("Usage Information"). Some Usage Information may be considered Personal Information, such as if and when it is linked to any information that reasonably identifies you. This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a "Device") whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Usage Information may include, but is not limited to, the following information: the type of Device used to access the Services.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We and our third-party service providers such as analytics partners, advertising networks and social networks may use technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information when a user engages online with the Services ("Usage Information"). Some Usage Information may be considered Personal Information, such as if and when it is linked to any information that reasonably identifies you. This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a "Device") whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Usage Information may include, but is not limited to, the following information: the content viewed immediately before and after a Device accesses the Services.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We and our third-party service providers such as analytics partners, advertising networks and social networks may use technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information when a user engages online with the Services ("Usage Information"). Some Usage Information may be considered Personal Information, such as if and when it is linked to any information that reasonably identifies you. This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a "Device") whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Usage Information may include, but is not limited to, the following information: the online service, if any, that referred the Device to our Services.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We and our third-party service providers such as analytics partners, advertising networks and social networks may use technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information when a user engages online with the Services ("Usage Information"). Some Usage Information may be considered Personal Information, such as if and when it is linked to any information that reasonably identifies you. This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a "Device") whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Usage Information may include, but is not limited to, the following information: the areas of our Services that the Device visits and the user's activities there, including remembering the user and his/her preferences.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We and our third-party service providers such as analytics partners, advertising networks and social networks may use technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information when a user engages online with the Services ("Usage Information"). Some Usage Information may be considered Personal Information, such as if and when it is linked to any information that reasonably identifies you. This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a "Device") whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Usage Information may include, but is not limited to, the following information: the time and duration of the Device's engagement with the Services.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We and our third-party service providers such as analytics partners, advertising networks and social networks may use technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information when a user engages online with the Services ("Usage Information"). Some Usage Information may be considered Personal Information, such as if and when it is linked to any information that reasonably identifies you. This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a "Device") whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Usage Information may include, but is not limited to, the following information: the user's IP address, UDID and other unique identifiers ("Device Identifier"). A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to a Device used to access the Services, and our computers identify the Device by its Device Identifier.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We and our third-party service providers such as analytics partners, advertising networks and social networks may use technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information when a user engages online with the Services ("Usage Information"). Some Usage Information may be considered Personal Information, such as if and when it is linked to any information that reasonably identifies you. This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a "Device") whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Usage Information may include, but is not limited to, the following information: how often the Device visits the online Services; and
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We and our third-party service providers such as analytics partners, advertising networks and social networks may use technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information when a user engages online with the Services ("Usage Information"). Some Usage Information may be considered Personal Information, such as if and when it is linked to any information that reasonably identifies you. This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a "Device") whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Usage Information may include, but is not limited to, the following information: device location (as discussed more fully below).
Although Usage Information may not identify you or be associated with you, if we associate Usage Information with Personal Information about you, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information. 
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies. As a user navigates through and interacts with our Site, we and third parties such as analytics partners, advertising networks and social networks may use automatic data collection technology to collect certain Usage Information, which may include, without limitation, the following technologies and information: cookies. A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when a user accesses the Services. 
o Session cookies: Session cookies are temporary bits of information that are erased once you exit your web browser window or otherwise turn off your computer. Session cookies are used, for example, to improve navigation on our Sites, to block visitors from providing information where inappropriate (e.g., the website may remember previous entries of age that are outside the permitted parameters and block subsequent changes) and to collect aggregated statistical information.
o Persistent cookies: Persistent cookies are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer and stay there unless you delete the cookie. Persistent cookies store information on your computer for a number of purposes, such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided (e.g., Login ID), helping to determine what areas of the website visitors find most valuable, and customizing the website based on your preferences on an ongoing basis.
Pixel Tags. Small graphic images or other web programming code called "pixel tags" (also known as "web beacons," "tracking beacons," "1x1 GIFs," or "clear GIFs") may be included in our web and mobile pages and messages. Pixel tags may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web or mobile page or e-mail can act as a pixel tag. Pixel tags or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count users of the Services, to learn how users interact with the Services, to let us know whether you viewed our emails or other electronic communications, and to learn whether our ads are effective.
Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is code that helps us collect information about a user's interactions with the Services, such as the links clicked by a user. 
Browser Fingerprinting. Collection and analysis of information from a Device, such as, without limitation, operating system, plug-ins, system fonts and other data, for purposes of identification.
Recognition Technologies. Technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same individual).
Precise Location Information. Our mobile applications and websites may collect precise information about the location of a Device after the user permits us to obtain such information via GPS, Wi-Fi signals, or cell tower signals. To opt out of the collection of location information from your Device, you can adjust the permissions on your Device or uninstall our mobile applications. We collect precise location information to provide you with information that you request, such as the location of a nearby dealer. We may also use and share precise location for any of the purposes described in the "How Do We Use the Information?" and "Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties." sections of this Privacy Policy. We will not, however, disclose your precise location information with unaffiliated third parties for their own use without your consent.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to provide you with information or services that you have requested or agreed to receive such as requests for product information, new vehicle information alerts, and brochures.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to process transactions.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to send you special offers or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to enable you to participate in features of the Services, such as sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to process your registration with the Services, including verifying your information is accurate and up to date.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to maintain, operate, and improve the Services and our vehicles, products, and other offerings, including delivering software updates.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to develop new vehicles, products, and services.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to analyze the effectiveness of our advertising.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to contact you about your use of the Services and to inform you, in our discretion, of changes to the Services or our policies.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to advise you of important safety-related information.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to customize and personalize your experiences with the Services.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to understand you and your preferences to enhance and personalize your experience.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to deliver advertising or marketing communications based on your interests, location, or online activity, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to detect and prevent fraudulent, unlawful, unauthorized, or abusive use of the Services.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to conduct internal research.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to support our internal business operations; 
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to process information as disclosed at the time we collect the information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy or in any other document made available to you; and
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to process information as described when you provide the information.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to third parties including our Affiliates and our Partners and their service providers. We may also disclose information to our marketing and promotional service providers, including advertising and social networks, that assist with marketing campaigns and other outreach efforts aimed at current or prospective Kia vehicle owners, or our data analytic, data enhancement, and market research providers that assist in keeping our contact information up to date and understanding our audiences. 
We may also disclose your information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law. In addition, we may disclose your information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change. 
Kia Vehicle Owners
Information Collected Directly From You. If you are a Kia vehicle owner, we may collect information that you provide when you purchase, lease, repair, or contact us regarding a Kia vehicle, when you register or create an account on the Kia owner's portal (known as a "KOP Account"), or when you otherwise interact with us or our service providers. We may also collect information from you when you navigate our Site (from cookies and other digital technologies, as described above). If you use in-vehicle technologies and related services, including online and mobile services that connect to or collect information from your Kia vehicle, please also see the privacy policy for Kia Connect Services at website_url_lnk
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may also collect information about you from our Affiliates and our Partners and their service providers, such as when you purchase, lease, or repair a Kia vehicle at a Kia dealership. We may also collect information about you from or through advertising and social networks, and our service providers, including data analytics, data enhancement, and market research providers that assist in keeping our ownership records and owner contact information up to date and understanding our audiences.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to process transactions.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to provide you with information or services that you have requested or agreed to receive such as roadside assistance, vehicle maintenance, requests for product information, new vehicle information alerts, and brochures.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to enable you to participate in and to administer features of the Services, such as sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions, including fulfillment of loyalty or rewards programs.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to process your registration with Services and verify that your information is accurate and up to date.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to develop, operate, and improve our vehicles, products, and other offerings.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to conduct internal research.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to customize and personalize your experiences with the Services.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to deliver advertising or marketing communications based on your interests, location, or online activity, and monitor the effectiveness of our advertising.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to administer and verify warranties.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to advise you of important safety-related information, such as recalls.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to learn more about our customers and their experiences and to monitor your satisfaction with Kia products and services provided to you.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to detect and prevent fraudulent, unlawful, unauthorized, or abusive use of the Services.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to support our internal business operations; and
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect in order to process information as disclosed at the time we collect the information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy or in any other document made available to you.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to third parties including our Affiliates and Partners and their service providers, who may provide offers or services to you, including the fulfillment of our loyalty or rewards programs. We may also disclose information to advertising and social networks, our marketing and promotional service providers that assist with marketing campaigns and other outreach efforts aimed at Kia vehicle owners, or our data analytic, data enhancement, and market research providers that assist in keeping our contact information up to date and understanding our audiences.
We may also disclose your information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law. In addition, we may disclose your information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change. 
Prospective Kia Owners
Information Collected Directly From You. If you are a prospective Kia owner, such as a person who has requested information about Kia vehicles from the Site or at an event, we may collect information that you provide to us when you request further information on Kia products and services, visit our Site (from cookies and other digital technologies, as described above), participate in promotional activities, or when you otherwise interact with us or our service providers and provide your information.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may also collect information about you from our Affiliates, our Partners and their service providers, consumer data resellers, advertising and social networks, and our service providers, including marketing and promotional service, data analytics, data enhancement, and market research providers that assist in keeping our contact information up to date, understanding our audiences, and reaching out to prospective owners. 
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to provide you with information or services that you have requested or agreed to receive, such as requests for product information, new vehicle information alerts, and brochures.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to enable you to participate and take advantage of our products and services, such as sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to customize and personalize your experience with our products, promotions, and offerings.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to deliver advertising or marketing communications (such as special offers and promotional materials) based on your interests, location, or your online activity on our Site, and monitor the effectiveness of our advertising.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to learn more about our prospective customers and their experiences and monitor your satisfaction with Kia products and services you may have considered.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to support our internal business operations; and
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to process information as disclosed at the time we collect the information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy or in other documents made available to you.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to third parties including our Affiliates and Partners and their service providers. We may also disclose information to advertising and social networks, our marketing and promotional service providers that assist with marketing campaigns and other outreach efforts aimed at prospective Kia vehicle owners, or our data analytic, data enhancement, and market research providers that assist in keeping our contact information up to date, understanding our audiences, and reaching prospective owners.
On-Premise Visitors
Information Collected Directly From You. If you are an on-premise visitor to one of our locations, such as when you visit our headquarters, we collect information that you provide to us during your visit.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may also collect information about you and your vehicle from our service providers that assist in the registration and logging of on-premise visitors and manage information collected from on-premise visitors, as well as from our on-site electric vehicle charging provider, who facilitates the registration and program management processes.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to provide you with information or services that you have requested or agreed to receive as part of your on-premise visit such as requests for information about our Services.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to monitor on-premise visitors for security and safety purposes at our locations.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to provide you with the ability to use our on-site electric vehicle charging stations, and contact you in the event your vehicle needs to be removed from one.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to learn more about our on-premise visitors and their experiences and monitor your satisfaction with your visit.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to support our internal business operations; and 
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to process information as disclosed at the time we collect the information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy or in other documents made available to you.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to third parties in order to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such disclosure is required or permitted by law. We may also disclose your information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change.
Kia Employees
Information Collected Directly From You. If you are a Kia employee, we collect information that you provide to us when you complete your employment paperwork, participate in employee training, enroll in employee benefits, complete internal company surveys, or when you otherwise interact with us and provide information in the context of your employment.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may collect information about you and your vehicle from our service providers with whom you provide or update your Personal Information, such as for employee benefits; from your medical providers, such as when you authorize medical providers to send us information about you; from our on-site electric vehicle charging provider, who facilitates the registration and program management processes; and from our Affiliates, including our IT managed service provider, who provides information about employee work practices.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to establish and manage your employment relationship with Kia.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to administer pay and benefits, and maintain employee HR records.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to provide training, education, and other employee engagement opportunities.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to maintain internal record keeping and oversight of Kia personnel, their work activities and their performance.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to maintain emergency contact and beneficiary details.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to comply with applicable laws and various legal retention obligations.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to allow for cooperation with any lawful investigation about past, present, or potential employees.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to conduct internal research.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to provide you with the ability to use our on-site electric vehicle charging stations, and contact you in the event your vehicle needs to be removed from one.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to support our internal business operations; and
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to process information as disclosed at the time we collect the information or as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Policy or in other documents made available to you.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to Affiliates, as well as vendors and service providers to assist us with establishing and managing the employment relationship, including: payroll and benefits providers and consultants, occupational health providers, insurers, retirement plan administrators, background check service providers, emergency service vendors, training and education vendors, employee engagement vendors, employee travel vendors, employee relocation vendors, business continuity vendors, unemployment services, administrative support vendors, and community service vendors.
We may also disclose your information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law. In addition, we may disclose your information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change. 
Kia Employees' Beneficiaries and Emergency Contacts
Kia may collect information on employees' emergency contacts and employees' beneficiaries who participate in Kia's employee benefits program. We collect this information from our employees or from service providers to whom our employees provide and update this information. We collect this information to provide benefits to our employees and their eligible dependents, and also so that we know who to contact in case an employee experiences an emergency. We may disclose this information to Affiliates, emergency service providers, first responders, and vendors and service providers that assist us with providing employee benefits, such as payroll and benefits providers, occupational health providers, insurers, and retirement plan administrators. We may also disclose this information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law. In addition, we may disclose this information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change. If you provide information about others, Kia will rely on you to communicate to those individuals that you are providing us with their information, to share this Privacy Policy with them, and to obtain their consent, if legally required.
Applicants for Employment
Information Collected Directly From You. If you apply for employment with Kia, we collect information that you provide to us when you complete and submit your employment application, and any information you provide to us as a follow-up to your application.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may also collect information about you from vendors and service providers that we work with in the application process, such as vendors that process or review applications, that suggest candidates for us, or that assist with an applicant's potential relocation. 
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to process and evaluate an applicant's application, qualifications, and credentials for employment with Kia.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to contact applicants regarding the status of their application for employment.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to assist with the onboarding of an applicant into employment.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to conduct internal research.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to conduct background checks.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to monitor Kia's recruitment initiatives and equal opportunity policies.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to determine an applicant's need for special accommodations.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to evaluate an applicant's legal ability or capacity for employment.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to detect security incidents, and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or otherwise illegal activity.
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to determine the terms of an applicant's potential employment with Kia; and
How Do We Use The Information? We may use the information we collect, in order to process information as disclosed at the time we collect the information or as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Policy or in other documents made available to you.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to our Affiliates and with service providers who assist us in the application process such as background check, relocation, and executive search vendors, or vendors who otherwise process applications. We may also disclose your information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law. In addition, we may disclose your information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change.
Kia Contractors
Information Collected Directly From You. If you work as a contractor for Kia, we collect information that you provide to us while acting as a contractor.
Information Collected From Other Sources. We collect information about you from the agencies that placed you as a contractor with us.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to process payment for services provided to Kia.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to administer certain benefits.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to monitor visitors for security purposes at Kia offices.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to maintain internal recordkeeping.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to support our internal business operations; and
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to process information as disclosed at the time we collect the information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy or in other documents made available to you.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to our vendors and service providers that assist us with establishing and managing your relationship with us as a contractor, including: the agency that placed you as a contractor with us, travel vendors, administrative support vendors, and business continuity vendors. We may also disclose your information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law. In addition, we may disclose your information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change.
Kia Dealership Employees
Information Collected Directly From You. If you are employed at a Kia dealership, we may collect information that you provide to us when you participate in training through Kia University, when you participate in incentive programs, when you report records of sales of products or services, or when you otherwise interact with us and provide your information.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may also collect information about you from the Kia dealership that employs you, or from other Kia dealership employees or consumers that identified you as having participated in the sale, order, or completion of a product or service. 
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to administer dealer personnel rewards programs based on employee performance.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to process incentive payments.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to provide Kia dealership personnel with training and education opportunities via Kia University.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to maintain internal record keeping and oversight of Kia dealerships and their performance.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to comply with applicable laws and various legal retention obligations.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to allow for cooperation with any lawful investigation about past, present, or potential Kia dealership employees.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to support our internal business operations; and
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to process information as disclosed at the time we collect the information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy or in other documents made available to you.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to our Affiliates, Partners and their service providers, our service providers who help provide training, educational, and incentive programs for Kia dealership employees, and third parties who may assist in your travel. We may also disclose your information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law. In addition, we may disclose your information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change.
Kia Dealership Owners
Information Collected Directly From You. If you own a Kia dealership, we collect information that you provide to us during the application process and information that you provide to us when you otherwise interact with us.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may also collect information about you from service providers that assist us in reviewing or vetting applications, or from other service providers and third parties that you have directed or authorized to disclose information about you with us. 
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to manage the business relationship between Kia and your dealership.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to conduct internal recordkeeping and research.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to administer dealer personnel rewards programs.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to support our internal business operations.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect, in order to process information as disclosed at the time we collect the information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy or in other documents made available to you.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to our Affiliates, service providers who may assist us in the processing or review of your Kia dealership application, service providers who assist in managing our business relationship with you and your dealership, and third parties who may assist in your travel. We may also disclose your information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law. In addition, we may disclose your information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change.
Kia Dealership Applicants
Information Collected Directly From You. If you apply to own a Kia dealership, we collect information that you provide to us when you complete your application or when you otherwise interact with us and provide your information.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may also collect information about you from service providers that assist us in reviewing or vetting applications.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to process your application and evaluate your candidacy for ownership of a Kia dealership.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to our Affiliates, or with service providers that assist in reviewing or vetting applications. We may also disclose your information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law. In addition, we may disclose your information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change.
Other Vehicle Owners
Information Collected From You. If you own a competitor's vehicle and work with us or our service providers in a consumer study, we may collect information directly from you during the study, or we may collect information about you from our service providers who assist us in conducting these studies.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may also collect information about you from our Affiliates and our Partners and their service providers. In addition, we may collect information about you from or through our marketing and promotional service providers that assist with marketing campaigns and other outreach efforts aimed at prospective vehicle owners, as well as from market research providers that assist with surveys and focus groups.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use this information in order to conduct internal research regarding our products and services.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use this information in order to learn more about our customers' experiences and to monitor your satisfaction with our products and services; 
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use this information in order to support our internal business operations; and
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use this information in order to process information as disclosed at the time we collect the information or otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy or in other documents made available to you.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to our Affiliates and Partners and their service providers. In addition, we may disclose your information to our marketing and promotional service providers that assist with marketing campaigns and other outreach efforts aimed at prospective vehicle owners, as well as data analytics, data enhancement, and market research providers that assist in enhancing and updating our customer information. We may also disclose your information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law. In addition, we may disclose your information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change.
Media Personnel
Information Collected Directly From You. If you engage with us as a member of the media, we collect information that you provide to us while acting in your capacity as a member of the media, including when you test or borrow our vehicles, attend our press events, sign up for our media mailing lists, or otherwise interact with us and provide your information.
Information Collected From Other Sources. We may also collect information about you from our service providers who manage our vehicles and who compile and manage information on members of the media. If you borrow a vehicle from us, we may also obtain information about your driving eligibility and record through service providers and government records.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to verify your identity, qualifications, and credentials for access to Kia press events, Kia vehicles, and Kia personnel.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to maintain internal record keeping of Kia vehicles and oversight of media members' contact with Kia products and services.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to accommodate media personnel with travel arrangements.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to verify that media members test driving Kia vehicles are licensed to drive.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to provide you with information or services that you have requested or agreed to receive, such as Kia Connect Services, or requests for product information, new vehicle information alerts, and brochures.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to monitor visitors for security purposes at Kia events.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to support our internal business operations; and
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to process information as disclosed at the time we collect the information or as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Policy or in other documents made available to you.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to our Affiliates, our service providers who assist in managing the ongoing relationship between Kia and media personnel, and third parties who may assist in your travel. We may also disclose your information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law. In addition, we may also disclose your information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change.
Government Officials 
Information Collected. If you interact with us as a government official, we may collect information that you provide to us when acting in that capacity.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to verify your identity and credentials for access to Kia records and Kia personnel.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to maintain internal recordkeeping and oversight of Kia personnel's contact with law enforcement and other government officials.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to receive information related to security incidents at Kia's offices and otherwise assist in government investigations.
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to monitor visitors for security purposes at Kia offices; and
How Do We Use The Information Collected? We may use the information we collect in order to process information as disclosed at the time we collect the information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy or in other documents made available to you.
Why We May Disclose Information With Third Parties. We may disclose your information to our Affiliates and Partners and their service providers, as well as to attorneys or other vendors assisting us with legal or regulatory issues. In addition. Kia may disclose your information to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, warrants, governmental requests, or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law. We may also disclose your information to a third party performing audit, legal, operational, or other similar services for or on Kia's behalf. Moreover, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer the information we collect: to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Services or associated databases; or in connection with the negotiation, planning, or completion of a corporate merger, consolidation, restructure, sale of substantially all of our shares or assets, or other corporate change.
Other Third-Party Disclosures
When You Agree To Receive Information from Third Parties. You may have the opportunity to receive information or marketing offers directly from unaffiliated third parties. If you agree to receive the communications, your Personal Information will be disclosed to those third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to their privacy policies and practices. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of those third parties. You should review the privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to agreeing to receive such information from them. If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.
Co-Branded Services. We may provide some aspects of the Services in association with third parties ("Co-Branded Services") such as Partners, Affiliates, sponsors, charities, and political organizations. Co-Branded Services will identify the third party. These third parties may require you to disclose information to them. If you elect to register for products or services through Co-Branded Services, you may be providing your information to both us and the third party. Any information provided to the third party, including usernames and passwords, is subject to that third party's privacy policies.
Information About Targeted Advertising and Do Not Track Disclosures
We contract with third-party advertising networks, social networks, publishers, and other entities to advertise our products and services on websites not affiliated with us. Some of these third parties may use cookies or other technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services in order to deliver advertising based on your interests and preferences, as inferred from your browsing histories. This type of targeted advertising is sometimes called "online behavioral advertising" or "targeted advertising." We follow the industry privacy standards for this type of online advertising. When you see one of our ads on another website that is generated and delivered as part of an online behavioral advertising campaign, you should see a small symbol (also called an icon) attached to the targeted ad that you can click on to learn about why and how you are receiving that particular ad.
We and third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies (such as the Google Analytics and Doubleclick cookies) together to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Services. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables Google and its partners to serve ads based on users' visits to our Services and other sites and online services. To learn more about how to opt out of Google's use of cookies, click here, and otherwise review Google's privacy policy.
Additionally, the Services may use Adobe's Marketing Cloud, as described here. To learn about opting out of the use of Adobe cookies for analytics, visit website_url_lnk After you opt out of the use of Adobe cookies, Adobe will no longer collect and analyze information via cookies associated with your browser for these services. When you opt out, Adobe will place opt-out cookies on your browser. If you delete your cookies, change browsers, or change devices, you will need to repeat this opt-out process. Also, please note that this opt-out process will work only if your browser is set to accept all cookies. We may still use Adobe services to create promotions and apps within social networks after you opt out. These services do not rely on collecting and analyzing information via cookies. To learn more about your choices for these services, review the options your social network provides. Also, we are not responsible for the effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties' opt-out options.
We may use third-party advertising companies to target advertisements to you on our Services, across the web, on your mobile Device, and on any of your other Devices, based on the information we have collected from and about you, as well as information relating to your and other users' visits to this and other websites and online services. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags) or recognize an identifier associated with your mobile Device. These companies may also use these technologies, along with Personal Information they or we collect on the different Devices you use, to recognize you across the Devices you use, such as a mobile device and a laptop or other computer. If you are in the United States and would like more information about cookies and targeted advertisements or to opt out of having this information used by companies that participate in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising on desktop and mobile web browsers, please visit website_url_lnk You may download the AppChoices app at website_url_lnk to opt out in mobile apps. You may also click on the informational icon contained within each interest-based ad. If eligible, you may exercise your right to opt out of such advertising by following the instructions in Section 14 ("Your California Privacy Rights") and Section 15 ("Additional State Privacy Rights") below. Please note that if you opt out of targeted advertising, you may still receive online advertising from Kia and others while you are browsing online. However, the advertisements you see may be less relevant to you and your interests. You should also know that the online behavioral advertising opt-out relies on the use of cookies. If you delete cookies from your Device, buy a new Device, access our Services from a different Device, log in under a different screen name, or change web browsers, you will need to register your opt-out preferences again.
Various third parties are developing or have developed signals or other mechanisms for the expression of consumer choice regarding the collection of information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services (e.g., browser do not track signals). Because a "Do Not Track" protocol has not yet been finalized, the information collection and disclosure practices of our websites, and the choices that our websites provide to consumers, will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received. Currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to these signals or other mechanisms.
What About Information You Share Publicly?
Some features of the Services may permit you to submit or post ideas, photographs, user profiles, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content, including Personal Information (collectively, "User Content"). We or others may reproduce, publish, distribute, or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any current or future media or format. Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with other third parties. Please note that Kia does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. So, please think carefully before sharing User Content, particularly if it includes Personal Information.
Do the Services Contain Third-Party Content and Links to Third-Party Services?
The Services may contain content that is supplied by third parties, including our Partners. Those third parties may collect information about your use of the Services, and they may be able to track your online activities over time and across various websites. In addition, when you are using the Services, you may be directed to other sites or applications that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any of these third parties. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" may take you away from the Services onto a different website. These other websites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data, or solicit Personal Information. They may have their own published privacy statements. We encourage you to note when you leave our Services and to read the privacy policies of all third-party websites or applications before submitting any Personal Information to third parties.
How Do You Contact Us or Update or Inquire About Your Information and Communications Preferences?
You may be able to review the Personal Information that you provide to us. You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information provided as part of a registration. If you ask us to stop using the Personal Information you have provided to us, we will honor that request while retaining information as necessary to comply with applicable laws.
Eligible California, Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia consumers have additional rights that allow them to learn about what Personal Information a business has collected, shared, sold and disclosed about them, opportunities to opt out of such sales or sharing, opportunities to request deletion or correction of their Personal Information, opportunities to limit the use and disclosure of their Sensitive Personal Information and protection from discrimination for exercising their rights. Eligible residents of these states may also appeal any decision or indecision related to the exercise of any right provided under applicable law. These rights are more thoroughly discussed below in Section 14 ("Your California Privacy Rights") and Section 15 ("Additional State Privacy Rights").
For questions about this Privacy Policy or practices described in it, to inquire about reviewing or correcting your Personal Information, or to update your communication preferences, please call our Kia Customer Care Center at 1-800-333-4542, which is open Monday-Friday from 5 a.m. to 6 p.m. (PST), or write to us directly at: Kia America, Inc., Kia Customer Care Center, P. O. Box 52410, Irvine, CA 92619-2410. We will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable.
Where Does Kia Process the Information?
The Services are operated from the United States and intended for users located in the United States. If you are located anywhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including Personal Information, will be transferred to, processed in, and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the Services or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States.
What About Information on Children and Minors?
Our Site is not intended for children under thirteen years of age or minors under sixteen years of age. No one under age sixteen may provide any identifying Personal Information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children or minors younger than sixteen years of age, nor do we knowingly sell or share the Personal Information of children or minors younger than sixteen years of age. If you are under sixteen years of age, do not use or provide any information on this Site or through any of its features, register on the Site, use any of the interactive features of the Site, or provide any information about yourself to us. We will delete any Personal Information collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of sixteen (16). If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of sixteen and believe your child has disclosed Personal Information to us, please call our Kia Customer Care Center at 1-800-333-4542.
What About Security?
We incorporate commercially reasonable security procedures and practices to help protect and secure your Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission, or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information that we collect, and through your use of our Services, you provide us with your information at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.
What About Social Media Features and Widgets?
Some of our websites and mobile applications may include social media plug-ins (such as the Facebook Like button), widgets (such as the "Share" button), or interactive mini-programs that run on our websites or mobile applications. In addition, some of our websites and mobile applications may also permit or require you to register or log into your account via a social networking platform such as Facebook Login.
These social media features and plug-ins may share information about you, in accordance with the terms and conditions (e.g., terms of use and privacy policy) of the company providing those services. In addition, the companies providing these features and plug-ins may be able to collect information about you, including your IP address and your activity on our websites and mobile applications. Social media platforms may notify your connections on their respective platforms about your use of our websites and mobile applications. These social media services may also set cookies to provide their services or use technologies to monitor your online activities over time and across multiple websites and mobile applications for various purposes, including to deliver targeted advertising to you. Your interactions with these plug-in and features are governed by the privacy policy and terms of the company providing them.
Data Retention
Kia is committed to only retaining Personal Information for the period of time in which retention is necessary to fulfill a legitimate business purpose and deleting the information thereafter. In certain instances, this may potentially include retaining Personal Information in perpetuity provided we have a legitimate business purpose for doing so. Once we determine there is no longer a legitimate business purpose for retaining the Personal Information, we will delete such information, as determined in our sole discretion and as permitted by law.
The criteria used to determine our retention periods includes the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you.
The criteria used to determine our retention periods includes the legitimate business purposes for which we collect and process your Personal Information as described in Section 2 above and throughout this Privacy Policy; and
The criteria used to determine our retention periods includes whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject that requires us to keep records before we can delete them. 
What About Changes to the Privacy Policy?
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the updated Privacy Policy, or such later date as may be specified in the updated Privacy Policy. Under certain circumstances (for example, in connection with certain material changes), we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Policy, such as posting a notice on the home page of our website or via a link or tab on the mobile applications. Therefore, you should review this Privacy Policy from time to time, and before using any of our Services. You are responsible for ensuring we have a deliverable email address for you, and for periodically monitoring and reviewing any updates to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Site after such amendments will be deemed your acknowledgement of these changes to the Privacy Policy. 
Your Information Choices
You may choose to share your Personal Information with us. However, your participation in using our Site and providing Personal Information is voluntary. You can unsubscribe from and opt out of certain communications and access, or update and delete your contact information, by contacting us at the phone number or address specified below. California, Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia consumers have additional rights that allow them to learn about what Personal Information a business has collected, shared, sold, and disclosed about them, opportunities to opt out of such sales or sharing, opportunities to request deletion or correction of their Personal Information, and protection from discrimination for exercising their rights. These rights are more thoroughly discussed below in Section 14 ("Your California Privacy Rights") and Section 15 ("Additional State Privacy Rights").
Accessing and Updating Your Information
If you register for a KOP Account on Owners. Kia.com, you can access and update certain information we have relating to your online account by signing into your account and going to the "Account" section of the website. You may also update or delete your contact information by calling (800) 333-4KIA (4542) or by writing us directly at: Kia America, Inc., Kia Customer Care Center, P. O. Box 52410, Irvine, CA 92619-2410. 
Unsubscribe or Opt Out
You have the ability to opt out from receiving commercial email, calls, texts, or mail from Kia about our products and services (which is separate and apart from certain states that give the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Information, as more thoroughly described in Sections 14 and 15, and your ability to opt out from advertising and analytics technologies, as discussed in Section 3). If you have a KOP Account, you can access and update communication preferences by signing in and going to the "Account" section of the website. However, we may continue to send communications about active recalls and important announcements regarding your vehicle or account, even if you change your communication preferences.
You may opt out of emails at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism within the email. The unsubscribe mechanism allows you to manage your subscription preferences for email alerts and special offers. Notwithstanding the above, this mechanism does not automatically opt you out of receiving non-commercial emails, such as registration confirmation, vehicle updates, and responses to direct requests.
You also may call or write to us directly if you wish to opt out or request that we cease sending you commercial or other information via call, text, mail, or email. Such requests can be made by calling us at (800) 333-4KIA (4542) or by writing us directly at: Kia America, Inc., Kia Customer Care Center, P. O. Box 52410, Irvine, CA 92619-2410.
At the time information is collected from you, other choices you have about how the information may be used may be explained. 
If you have opted out of receiving future emails or other promotional materials from us, we will implement your opt-out request within a commercially reasonable time. 
Your California Privacy Rights
California Law provides eligible California residents with specific rights with respect to our collection, retention, and use of Personal Information. This California Privacy Rights section supplements this Privacy Policy and applies solely to eligible residents of California as of January 1, 2023. Any terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as defined in California Law.
Right to Know About/Access Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, Sold, or Shared
You have the right to request that we provide certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information. Specifically, you have the right to request disclosure of the categories of Personal Information and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. Upon the submission of a verifiable consumer request (see "Exercising Your California Privacy Rights" below), we will disclose to you the categories of Personal Information we collected about you; 
You have the right to request that we provide certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information. Specifically, you have the right to request disclosure of the categories of Personal Information and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. Upon the submission of a verifiable consumer request (see "Exercising Your California Privacy Rights" below), we will disclose to you the categories of sources from which Personal Information was collected; 
You have the right to request that we provide certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information. Specifically, you have the right to request disclosure of the categories of Personal Information and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. Upon the submission of a verifiable consumer request (see "Exercising Your California Privacy Rights" below), we will disclose to you the business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information; 
You have the right to request that we provide certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information. Specifically, you have the right to request disclosure of the categories of Personal Information and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. Upon the submission of a verifiable consumer request (see "Exercising Your California Privacy Rights" below), we will disclose to you the business or commercial purpose for disclosing, selling or sharing Personal Information; 
You have the right to request that we provide certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information. Specifically, you have the right to request disclosure of the categories of Personal Information and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. Upon the submission of a verifiable consumer request (see "Exercising Your California Privacy Rights" below), we will disclose to you the categories of third parties with whom we sold, shared, or disclosed Personal Information for a business purpose.
We will also provide the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you, subject to certain exceptions under applicable law, if you request access to such information.
If you have visited our websites, we may have collected information about you and the Device you used to engage with our websites, such as an IP address, device type, operating system, time of visit, and other similar information, as discussed above. Such information may not be stored with other Personal Information that identifies you (such as your name, postal address, email address, etc.), and we therefore may not be able to reasonably associate this device-level information with you. Thus, we may not be able to provide you with specific information, or delete or correct specific information that we have collected that cannot be reasonably associated with you. You may exercise your privacy rights for device-level data by engaging with the consent management platform displayed when you enter our websites, or by clicking on the "Cookies Management" link on our websites, if applicable. You may also exercise rights related to advertising and analytics as discussed in Section 3. 
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You also have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will conduct a reasonable search of our records in order to locate any Personal Information we have collected from you that is eligible for deletion, and delete such Personal Information. To the extent we have disclosed any Personal Information collected about you with service providers or contractors that is eligible for deletion, we will direct those service providers or contractors to delete that Personal Information as well. For the sake of clarity, however, Kia may not be able to comply entirely with your request to delete all of your Personal Information as set forth under California Law. For example, if you purchased, leased, or serviced a Kia vehicle at a Partner's dealership, we may need to keep records related to these types of transactions in order to, for instance, fulfill the terms of an applicable warranty or contact you about a product recall or other safety issue. Specifically, we are not required to delete any Personal Information we have collected about you that is necessary for us and our service providers to Complete the transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between Kia and you.
You also have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will conduct a reasonable search of our records in order to locate any Personal Information we have collected from you that is eligible for deletion, and delete such Personal Information. To the extent we have disclosed any Personal Information collected about you with service providers or contractors that is eligible for deletion, we will direct those service providers or contractors to delete that Personal Information as well. For the sake of clarity, however, Kia may not be able to comply entirely with your request to delete all of your Personal Information as set forth under California Law. For example, if you purchased, leased, or serviced a Kia vehicle at a Partner's dealership, we may need to keep records related to these types of transactions in order to, for instance, fulfill the terms of an applicable warranty or contact you about a product recall or other safety issue. Specifically, we are not required to delete any Personal Information we have collected about you that is necessary for us and our service providers to Help ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of the consumer's Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for those purposes, including to detect security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and confidentiality of stored or transmitted Personal Information; protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and help prosecute those responsible for that activity; or ensure the life and physical safety of natural persons.
You also have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will conduct a reasonable search of our records in order to locate any Personal Information we have collected from you that is eligible for deletion, and delete such Personal Information. To the extent we have disclosed any Personal Information collected about you with service providers or contractors that is eligible for deletion, we will direct those service providers or contractors to delete that Personal Information as well. For the sake of clarity, however, Kia may not be able to comply entirely with your request to delete all of your Personal Information as set forth under California Law. For example, if you purchased, leased, or serviced a Kia vehicle at a Partner's dealership, we may need to keep records related to these types of transactions in order to, for instance, fulfill the terms of an applicable warranty or contact you about a product recall or other safety issue. Specifically, we are not required to delete any Personal Information we have collected about you that is necessary for us and our service providers to Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
You also have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will conduct a reasonable search of our records in order to locate any Personal Information we have collected from you that is eligible for deletion, and delete such Personal Information. To the extent we have disclosed any Personal Information collected about you with service providers or contractors that is eligible for deletion, we will direct those service providers or contractors to delete that Personal Information as well. For the sake of clarity, however, Kia may not be able to comply entirely with your request to delete all of your Personal Information as set forth under California Law. For example, if you purchased, leased, or serviced a Kia vehicle at a Partner's dealership, we may need to keep records related to these types of transactions in order to, for instance, fulfill the terms of an applicable warranty or contact you about a product recall or other safety issue. Specifically, we are not required to delete any Personal Information we have collected about you that is necessary for us and our service providers to Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
You also have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will conduct a reasonable search of our records in order to locate any Personal Information we have collected from you that is eligible for deletion, and delete such Personal Information. To the extent we have disclosed any Personal Information collected about you with service providers or contractors that is eligible for deletion, we will direct those service providers or contractors to delete that Personal Information as well. For the sake of clarity, however, Kia may not be able to comply entirely with your request to delete all of your Personal Information as set forth under California Law. For example, if you purchased, leased, or serviced a Kia vehicle at a Partner's dealership, we may need to keep records related to these types of transactions in order to, for instance, fulfill the terms of an applicable warranty or contact you about a product recall or other safety issue. Specifically, we are not required to delete any Personal Information we have collected about you that is necessary for us and our service providers to Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code.
You also have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will conduct a reasonable search of our records in order to locate any Personal Information we have collected from you that is eligible for deletion, and delete such Personal Information. To the extent we have disclosed any Personal Information collected about you with service providers or contractors that is eligible for deletion, we will direct those service providers or contractors to delete that Personal Information as well. For the sake of clarity, however, Kia may not be able to comply entirely with your request to delete all of your Personal Information as set forth under California Law. For example, if you purchased, leased, or serviced a Kia vehicle at a Partner's dealership, we may need to keep records related to these types of transactions in order to, for instance, fulfill the terms of an applicable warranty or contact you about a product recall or other safety issue. Specifically, we are not required to delete any Personal Information we have collected about you that is necessary for us and our service providers to Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if you have provided informed consent.
You also have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will conduct a reasonable search of our records in order to locate any Personal Information we have collected from you that is eligible for deletion, and delete such Personal Information. To the extent we have disclosed any Personal Information collected about you with service providers or contractors that is eligible for deletion, we will direct those service providers or contractors to delete that Personal Information as well. For the sake of clarity, however, Kia may not be able to comply entirely with your request to delete all of your Personal Information as set forth under California Law. For example, if you purchased, leased, or serviced a Kia vehicle at a Partner's dealership, we may need to keep records related to these types of transactions in order to, for instance, fulfill the terms of an applicable warranty or contact you about a product recall or other safety issue. Specifically, we are not required to delete any Personal Information we have collected about you that is necessary for us and our service providers to Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us.
You also have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will conduct a reasonable search of our records in order to locate any Personal Information we have collected from you that is eligible for deletion, and delete such Personal Information. To the extent we have disclosed any Personal Information collected about you with service providers or contractors that is eligible for deletion, we will direct those service providers or contractors to delete that Personal Information as well. For the sake of clarity, however, Kia may not be able to comply entirely with your request to delete all of your Personal Information as set forth under California Law. For example, if you purchased, leased, or serviced a Kia vehicle at a Partner's dealership, we may need to keep records related to these types of transactions in order to, for instance, fulfill the terms of an applicable warranty or contact you about a product recall or other safety issue. Specifically, we are not required to delete any Personal Information we have collected about you that is necessary for us and our service providers to Comply with a legal obligation, such as retaining records for a period of time as set out in local, state, or federal laws.
You also have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will conduct a reasonable search of our records in order to locate any Personal Information we have collected from you that is eligible for deletion, and delete such Personal Information. To the extent we have disclosed any Personal Information collected about you with service providers or contractors that is eligible for deletion, we will direct those service providers or contractors to delete that Personal Information as well. For the sake of clarity, however, Kia may not be able to comply entirely with your request to delete all of your Personal Information as set forth under California Law. For example, if you purchased, leased, or serviced a Kia vehicle at a Partner's dealership, we may need to keep records related to these types of transactions in order to, for instance, fulfill the terms of an applicable warranty or contact you about a product recall or other safety issue. Specifically, we are not required to delete any Personal Information we have collected about you that is necessary for us and our service providers to Otherwise use your Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided your information.
Following a deletion request, any Personal Information about you that was not deleted from our systems due to the above exceptions will only be used for the purposes provided for by the applicable exceptions. Thus, all Personal Information about you that is not subject to a deletion exception will either be permanently deleted on our existing systems (with the exception of archived or back-up systems maintained for emergency disaster recovery and business continuity purposes); de-identified; or aggregated so as to not be personal to you.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that we correct any of your Personal Information that we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the Personal Information and the purposes of the processing of your Personal Information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
If Kia sells or shares Personal Information about you to third parties, you may have the right to opt out and request that Kia not sell or share your Personal Information. To exercise the right to opt out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link: do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve months before asking you to reauthorize Personal Information sales. However, if at a later time, you wish to allow us to share or sell your Personal Information to third parties, you must opt in to such sharing or sales, and may do so by calling 800-333-4KIA (4542). If a transaction requires the sharing, sale or transmission of your Personal Information in order to complete the transaction, we will notify you and provide instructions on how you can opt in.
Right to Limit the Use or Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
Kia may use or disclose your Sensitive Personal Information for purposes other than those provided under California Law. In such instances, you have the right, subject to certain exceptions, to limit how Kia uses and discloses your Sensitive Personal Information. To exercise the right to limit, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link: limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information
Once you make a limit request, we will wait at least twelve months before asking you to reauthorize the use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information for purposes other than those for which you exercised your right to limit. However, if at a later time, you wish to allow us to use or disclose your Sensitive Personal Information, you must opt in to such use or disclosure, and may do so by calling 800-333-4KIA (4542). If a transaction requires the use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information in order to complete the transaction, we will notify you and provide instructions on how you can reauthorize such use or disclosure.
Right to Appeal
You have the right to appeal any decision or indecision related to the exercise of any right you are granted under California Law.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer's Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not Deny you goods or services.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your California Privacy Rights
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your California Law rights. To exercise the California Law rights described above, please submit a consumer request to us by either Visiting our online request portal
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your California Law rights. To exercise the California Law rights described above, please submit a consumer request to us by either Calling us at (800) 333-4KIA (4542)
To exercise your right to know, delete or correct your Personal Information as described above, we need to verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. These requests may be made only by you, your parent or guardian (if you are under 18 years of age), a person to whom you have given power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, or an authorized agent that is registered with the California Secretary of State. If a parent or guardian is submitting a request on behalf of a minor, the parent or guardian must submit proof that they are the parent or guardian of the subject consumer, and must verify the consumer's identity. A downloadable Letter of Parent or Guardian form is available in the online request portal, and may be uploaded for submission once completed. If someone with power of attorney is making a request on behalf of a consumer, they must verify the individual consumer's identity and submit documentation establishing the power of attorney, such as by uploading it onto the online request portal. If an authorized agent is submitting a request on behalf of a consumer, they must verify the individual consumer's identity, provide written permission from the consumer to submit the request on the consumer's behalf, and submit documentation establishing registration with the Secretary of State. Such documentation may be uploaded onto the online request portal. If Kia cannot verify that the requestor is authorized by the consumer to act on such consumer's behalf, Kia is not obligated to provide information or respond to the request. If you have any questions about making a request on behalf of another consumer, please call us at 800-333-4KIA (4542).
Your verifiable consumer request to know/access, delete, or correct must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or that you are an authorized representative of such person. We will not respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. While we may ask for Personal Information to verify the requestor or consumer's identity when making a request, we will only use that Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. Additionally, you may only make a verifiable consumer request for access twice within a 12-month period. 
Notice of Financial Incentive
We may offer you various incentives, including special offers, discounts, rewards and coupons pursuant to certain rewards and loyalty programs (each, a "Loyalty Program"), throughout the year for providing us with your Personal Information. Categories of Personal Information that may be collected pursuant to a Loyalty Program, include, but are not limited to: identifiers such as name, postal address, email address and telephone number; categories of Personal Information described in the California Customer Records statute; and commercial information.
We do not assign a monetary value to the data we collect, but based on a good-faith estimate, we believe the value received from your Personal Information is reasonably equal to the value of the benefit we offer you pursuant to a Loyalty Program. This estimate is not specific to any particular individual who participates in a Loyalty Program (a "Member") and may vary by Member. We have calculated such value by taking into consideration, without limitation, relevant factors related to the estimated value of such information to us, as set forth under California Law.
If eligible, you may opt in to a Loyalty Program by following the instructions set forth in a Loyalty Program's terms and conditions and, if applicable, by creating a member account on the Loyalty Program's website. Material terms of participating in a Loyalty Program, including all terms and conditions concerning the collection, use and retention of Members' Personal Information, the required arbitration of any disputes Members have, and the waiver of Members' ability to bring claims in class action format, are set forth in the applicable terms and conditions, this Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Service, and should be carefully reviewed prior to participation in a Loyalty Program.
You have the right to cancel your membership and participation in a Loyalty Program at any time. To opt out of a Loyalty Program, including the receipt of marketing emails provided pursuant to your status as a Member of a Loyalty Program, please call our Kia Customer Care Center at 1-800-333-4542. 
Response Timing and Format
With the exception of opt-out and limitation requests, which will be honored within fifteen business days of receipt, we will make our best effort to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Within ten days of receiving the request, we will confirm receipt and provide information about our verification and processing of the request. Kia will maintain records of consumer requests made pursuant to the CCPA as well as our response to said requests for a period of at least twenty-four months.
If you have an account with us, we may require you to take delivery of our written response through that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response electronically, though you may alternatively choose to receive delivery by mail. The response will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. Requests for the specific pieces of information that we have collected about you will be sent in a portable, readily useable format that you may transmit to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. 
Your Rights Under "Shine the Light"
In addition to your rights under California Law, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request information regarding our disclosure, if any, of their Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If this applies, you may obtain the categories of Personal Information disclosed and the names and addresses of all third parties that received Personal Information for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2024 will receive information about 2023 sharing activities). To make such a request, please provide sufficient information for us to determine if this applies to you, attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. You may make this request in writing to the Kia Customer Care Center: Box 52410, Irvine, CA 92619-2410. 
Additional State Privacy Rights
For eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, you also have rights with respect to the Personal Information, also known as personal data, that we collect about you. This Additional State Privacy Rights section supplements this Privacy Policy and applies solely to eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia. Any terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as defined under applicable Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law, including the Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Subject to certain exceptions, if you are an eligible resident of one of these states, you have certain privacy rights which may include, depending on your state of residency right to Know/Access. You have the right to confirm whether Kia processes your Personal Information and access such Personal Information. You also have the right to obtain your Personal Information in a portable, and to the extent reasonably feasible, readily usable format that you can transmit without hinderance. In addition, Oregon residents have the right to receive a list of specific third parties to which Kia has disclosed any Personal Information. 
For eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, you also have rights with respect to the Personal Information, also known as personal data, that we collect about you. This Additional State Privacy Rights section supplements this Privacy Policy and applies solely to eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia. Any terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as defined under applicable Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law, including the Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Subject to certain exceptions, if you are an eligible resident of one of these states, you have certain privacy rights which may include, depending on your state of residency right to Delete. You have the right to request that Kia delete the Personal Information you have provided to us or that Kia has otherwise obtained about you.
For eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, you also have rights with respect to the Personal Information, also known as personal data, that we collect about you. This Additional State Privacy Rights section supplements this Privacy Policy and applies solely to eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia. Any terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as defined under applicable Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law, including the Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Subject to certain exceptions, if you are an eligible resident of one of these states, you have certain privacy rights which may include, depending on your state of residency right to Correct. You have the right to request that Kia correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, taking into account the nature of the Personal Information and the purposes of the processing of your Personal Information.
For eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, you also have rights with respect to the Personal Information, also known as personal data, that we collect about you. This Additional State Privacy Rights section supplements this Privacy Policy and applies solely to eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia. Any terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as defined under applicable Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law, including the Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Subject to certain exceptions, if you are an eligible resident of one of these states, you have certain privacy rights which may include, depending on your state of residency right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your Personal Information for the purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of your Personal Information and profiling in furtherance of decisions, that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
For eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, you also have rights with respect to the Personal Information, also known as personal data, that we collect about you. This Additional State Privacy Rights section supplements this Privacy Policy and applies solely to eligible residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia. Any terms not defined in this section have the same meaning as defined under applicable Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law, including the Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Subject to certain exceptions, if you are an eligible resident of one of these states, you have certain privacy rights which may include, depending on your state of residency right to Appeal. You have the right to appeal Kia's decision with regard to your request to exercise any rights described herein.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law rights. To exercise the rights described in this Section 15, including your opt-out rights, please submit a consumer request to us by either Visiting our online request portal
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia privacy law rights. To exercise the rights described in this Section 15, including your opt-out rights, please submit a consumer request to us by either Calling us at (800) 333-4KIA (4542)