Skip to Content (Press Enter) Skip to Footer (Press Enter)
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you experience this sites full capabilities. 
New Clothes Dresses Tops Occasions Fall Outfits Festival Shoes Accessories Sale Explore
Cookies Policy 
What are Cookies?
We're not talking about the cookie that you eat (unfortunately). Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which allow our site to recognise your device and are downloaded to your device when you visit a website if you agree to the site doing so. Cookies are then sent back to the website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie.
Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device and are widely used in order to make websites work more efficiently, let you navigate between pages, remember your preferences, and / or generally improve your user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of [nastygal.com] (our "site"). This helps us to provide you with a better experience when you browse our website. Cookies also enable us to analyse the performance of our websites in order to make improvements. Some of the cookies we use are "analytical" cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
To view a full list of all of our Cookies please click here.
Cookies do not contain confidential information such as your home address, telephone number or credit card details. We do not exchange cookies with any third party websites. Please note that our advertisers and affiliates may also use cookies (see further detail below). The use of these will be governed by your preferences and their cookies policy. Please refer to those parties' cookies policies for further information.
Please bear in mind, your use of our site is not only subject to and governed by this cookies policy (in accordance with your preferences) but also the terms on our site, including our Terms & Conditions here and privacy here which we ask you to read carefully.
Use of cookies
The type of cookies placed and the preferences available to you will depend on the functionality of the relevant cookie.
Essential Cookies are essential for our website to remain working and secure. These cannot be disabled and do not require consent to be placed on your device. Other cookies (known as non-essential cookies) require your prior consent before being placed on your device. We categorise the non-essential cookies we use as Functional Cookies, Advertising Cookies and Analytical Cookies.
We will seek your consent to non-essential cookies on your visit to our landing page and, unless you have adjusted your preferences or browser setting so that it will refuse the non-essential cookies, our system will issue cookies and download them onto your device in accordance with the cookies preferences you have most recently indicated to us.
Changing your preferences and browser settings
Whether or not you allow us to download cookies is up to you.
Change Browser Settings, You can amend the settings on your browser to disable cookies and to change the approach taken to cookies downloaded on your device. These options are available in different locations depending on the browser you use. You can find more information about cookies and how to disable them here and here.
If you choose to disable cookies by changing your preferences or your browser Settings, our website and its features may not necessarily work in the same way or produce the same personalised experience. If you delete all of your cookies, you will have to update your preferences with us again. If you use a different device, computer profile or browser you will have to tell us your preferences again.
Changes to this Cookies policy
From time to time we may change this cookies policy. If there are any significant changes we will post updates on our website, applications or let you know by email.
How to contact us
We welcome feedback and are happy to answer any questions you may have about the cookies we use.
Please send any questions, comments or requests for more information to DPO@nastygal.com
This cookies policy was last updated on 02.12.2020
Nasty Gal UK Limited,
Registered Company Number: 10487954,
UK VAT Number: 185 4874 61.
35% OFF Everything! 
HOW NASTY GAL USES COOKIES
We use cookies that help us provide you with the best possible shopping experience with us. For example, they allow us to connect to social networks, display personalised content, as well as analyse and improve the operation of our website.
LET ME CHOOSE ACCEPT ALL
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. 
To learn more about cookies and why we use them, visit our About Cookies page anytime
ACCEPT ALL
Manage Consent Preferences
ESSENTIAL COOKIES
Always Active
These cookies are essential to the site functionality. You can't disable these as they are needed for the website to work, for example they allow features like accessing secure areas, e-billing and creating baskets.
ADVERTISING COOKIES
ADVERTISING COOKIES
These cookies help us deliver the best content for you by understanding your browsing habits. They track if you've visited us via one of our affiliate sites so we can manage our affiliate networks. Some cookies have been placed on our site from third parties (with our permission of course) and track pages you've visited. This info may be used to deliver adverts on third party websites which are more relevant to you. De-selecting these cookies may result in less relevant content from us.
FUNCTIONAL COOKIES
FUNCTIONAL COOKIES
These cookies provide enhanced functionality for your user experience. For example, these remember your shopping preferences and tailor your experience to you such as your language and region, so help you get where you need to be. De-selecting these cookies may make the site less relevant to you.
ANALYTICAL COOKIES
ANALYTICAL COOKIES
These cookies help us understand how our site is being used by tracking the number of visits and traffic sources. By opting into analytical cookies, you are consenting to the recording of movements and activity on our website. They enable us to customise and improve our site for you by allowing us to analyse how effective our marketing campaigns are. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore, anonymous. De-selecting these cookies may result in less information for us to improve our site and user experience.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
ACCEPT ONLY ESSENTIAL SAVE PREFERENCES
Your cookies are disabled. To experience the full world of SFRA, please enable these or check whether another program is blocking them. By enabling them, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy
YOUR OFFERS 
YOUR OFFERS 
New around here? 
Get more Nasty, for less dollar. 
Get an extra 15% 
off your first order
Use code: NGUS15
Shop New >
Collapse 