This site requires Javascript in order to view all its content. Please enable Javascript in order to access all the functionality of this web site. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
Cookie Policy
Your Cookie Choices
Types of Cookies
How Long Cookies Stay
Tracking Technologies in Our Emails
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Your Cookie Choices
Types of Cookies
How Long Cookies Stay
Tracking Technologies in Our Emails
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
Your Cookie Choices
Types of Cookies
How Long Cookies Stay
Tracking Technologies in Our Emails
Contact Us
Cookie Policy 
Last Modified: August 17, 2024 
A cookie is a small data file made up of letters, numbers, and other characters which is placed by a website on the device you use to access the Internet. Cookies serve different purposes and may be tied to personal information. NVIDIA and its partners may use cookies and related technologies such as web beacons, pixels and embedded scripts and other logging technologies (collectively, "cookies"). Information we collect automatically about you may be combined with other personal information we collect directly from you or receive from other sources. How we use cookies is governed by this Cookie Policy and by our Privacy Policy.
At NVIDIA, we use cookies to help deliver and improve our websites (such as NVIDIA.com, developer.nvidia.com, and website_url_lnk and enhance and personalize your user experience. Our marketing and advertising partners use cookies on our websites to monitor your web activity over time across multiple nonaffiliated sites.
Your Cookie Choices 
Our system will place cookies on your device when you visit any page on our websites. These cookies are collected by default or with your consent where required by law. To manage your cookie settings you can use the cookie banner or cookie settings page in each applicable domain (e.g., NVIDIA.com). To manage cookies across all your browsers and devices, you will need to do so on each browser on each device you use to access our websites. To visit the applicable cookie managers, please use the following links: nvidia.com cookie settings
Our system will place cookies on your device when you visit any page on our websites. These cookies are collected by default or with your consent where required by law. To manage your cookie settings you can use the cookie banner or cookie settings page in each applicable domain (e.g., NVIDIA.com). To manage cookies across all your browsers and devices, you will need to do so on each browser on each device you use to access our websites. To visit the applicable cookie managers, please use the following links: nventures.ai cookie settings
In addition, most web browsers allow some control over the placing of cookies on your device through your browser settings. If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; disable existing cookies; or set your browser to automatically reject cookies. 
You may also choose to enable online (where available) a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control ("GPC"). When we detect the presence of the GPC signal, we will process it by disabling all non-Required Cookies automatically. 
Third parties may place cookies on your device when you view advertisements, including NVIDIA advertisements, on their websites, services, or applications. These cookies are governed by their respective company privacy or cookie policies and are not set or controlled by NVIDIA. NVIDIA encourages you to review the privacy statements and cookie policies of the third-party websites, services, or applications so you can understand how they may collect, use, and share your information.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to block, manage, and delete them, please visit website_url_lnk
Types of Cookies 
Cookies that NVIDIA uses falls into one of the following categories. The list of specific cookies can be found in the cookie manager for the respective site.
Required Cookies
These cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. These cookies are required for the site to function and cannot be turned off.
Performance / Analytics Cookies
These cookies are used to provide quantitative measures of our website visitors, such as the number of times you visit, time on page, your mouse movements, scrolling, clicks and keystroke activity on the websites; other browsing, search, or product research behavior; and what brought you to our site. These cookies may store a unique ID so that our system will remember you when you return. Information collected with these cookies is used to measure and find ways to improve website performance.
Personalization Cookies
These cookies collect data about how you have interacted with our website to help us improve your web experience, such as which pages you have visited. These cookies may store a unique ID so that our system will remember you when you return. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. These cookies enable us to provide enhanced website functionality and personalization as well as make the marketing messages we send to you more relevant to your interests. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies record your visit to our websites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed to influence the advertisements that you see on other websites. These cookies and the information they collect may be managed by other companies, including our advertising partners, and may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertising on other sites. We and our advertising partners will use this information to make our websites and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
How Long Cookies Stay 
The length of time a cookie will stay on a browsing device depends on whether it is a persistent cookie or session cookie. The list of specific cookies, whether they are session or persistent cookies and the length of time persistent cookies will stay on your device, are listed in the cookie manager for the respective site.
Session Cookies
These cookies are used to keep temporary data. Session cookies always expire after the browsing session is over.
Persistent Cookies
These cookies help websites remember your information, browsing history, and settings when you visit them in the future. This results in faster and more convenient access. Persistent cookies stay in a folder on your device unless you delete them manually, or until they are automatically deleted based on the retention period of the cookie's folder.
Tracking Technology in Our Emails 
NVIDIA emails may contain tracking pixels that will record each time an individual has opened an email, whether they clicked on any links in that email and whether they replied to or forwarded that email. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our marketing email campaigns.
You can set your email options to prevent the automatic downloading of such tracking technologies by disabling external images in emails. You can do this by choosing whether emails will display "remote images", "remote content" or "images" by default via your email settings.
Contact Us 
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of cookies or this Cookie Policy, please contact us at: privacy@nvidia.com.
You are encouraged to periodically review this Cookie Policy to stay informed of any updates.
Company Information
About Us
Company Overview
Investors
Venture Capital (NVentures)
NVIDIA Foundation
Research
Corporate Sustainability
Technologies
Careers
News and Events
Newsroom
Company Blog
Technical Blog
Webinars
Stay Informed
Events Calendar
GTC AI Conference
NVIDIA On-Demand
Popular Links
Developers
Partners
Executive Insights
Startups and VCs
NVIDIA Connect for ISVs
Documentation
Technical Training
Training for IT Professionals
Professional Services for Data Science
Follow NVIDIA 
" title=""> " title="">
NVIDIA
United States 
Privacy Policy
Manage My Privacy
Do Not Sell or Share My Data
Terms of Service
Accessibility
Corporate Policies
Product Security
Contact
Copyright 2024 NVIDIA Corporation