Welcome to the FCA US LLC Privacy Portal
Please complete the web form to submit a request to FCA US LLC.
If you are a resident of California, the California Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information. Your CCPA rights include Opt out of sales and sharing: to opt-out of sale and sharing of your personal information.
If you are a resident of California, the California Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information. Your CCPA rights include Limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information: to limit certain uses or disclosures of sensitive personal information to those uses authorized by the CCPA.
If you are a resident of California, the California Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information. Your CCPA rights include Deletion: to request deletion of personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
If you are a resident of California, the California Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information. Your CCPA rights include To know/access: to know what personal information we have collected about them, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them.
If you are a resident of California, the California Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information. Your CCPA rights include Correction: to request correction of inaccurate personal information.
If you are a resident of Colorado, the Colorado Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Connecticut, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Florida, the Digital Bill of Rights gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Montana, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Oregon, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Texas, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Utah, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are a resident of Virginia, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act gives you certain rights regarding your personal information.
If you are not a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia you may use this form to submit a request to opt out of direct marketing.
For more details and information about how we use and protect your personal information, please visit our Privacy Policy.
INSTRUCTION
Please fill out the web form below and click Submit
Check your email inbox for an email notification from the FCA US Data Privacy Office to confirm your email address
Click on the Confirm Email link found within the email notification within 30 days or your request will expire
Your request will not be processed until your email address has been verified
Required fields are marked with an asterisk.
Select State of Data Subject 
Select the state of the data subject's residence
Submit 
Select the state of the data subject's residence