Skip to main content
Your browser does not have JS enabled, you are still able to browse the website but you won't be able to access advanced features such as editing or logging in. 
Browse Help Topics 
Help
Help
Account, Sign-in
Returns, Exchanges
Shipping
International Shipping
Holiday Help, Info
Orders, Payments
Cancellation Policy
Store Pickup
Collection Points
Frequently Asked Questions
Gift Cards
Size Charts
UO Rewards
UO MRKT
UO UP Membership FAQs
Connect
Contact Us
Store Locations
UO Affiliates
Your Privacy Rights
Legal
Current Promotions
Privacy Policy
California Consumer Privacy Act
Colorado Consumer Privacy Act
Connecticut Consumer Privacy Act
Virginia Consumer Privacy Act
Texas Consumer Privacy Act
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act
Terms of Use
Cookies
Arbitration Agreement
UO UP Membership Terms & Conditions
Unsubscribe
Cookies 
As part of our initiative to comply with recent legislation changes, and to make sure we're clear about your privacy when using our website, we've developed clearer information on cookies and how we use them.
To manage cookie settings visit the link below:
Manage Cookie Settings
UO Chat
Have a quick question or want specific info about your order?
Chat With Us
Close
Privacy Preference Center
Make selections below to opt-in for optional cookies. 
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Analytics
Analytics
Analytics cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting info on how you use it. They collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone.
Personalization
Personalization
Personalisation cookies collect information about your use of this site in order to display content and experiences that are relevant to you. 
Marketing
Marketing
Marketing cookies collect information about your use of this and other sites to enable display ads and other marketing that is more relevant to you. 
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
Confirm My Choices