Privacy Policy
Legal Policies
General
Vehicle Privacy Notice
Website Notice
Volvo Valet
Retailer
Applicant Policy
Online Reservation
Electricity Refund Payout
Volvo Cars App
Volvo ID
Digital Retail Service
Consumer Surveys
Public Traffic Environment Data
Volvo cars SMS policy
Legal Policies
WEBSITE PRIVACY NOTICE
Last Updated: October 17, 2023
SCOPE AND PURPOSE
This Website and Digital Communication Privacy Notice ("Notice") describes the privacy practices of Volvo Car USA LLC ("Volvo Car USA", "we", "our", or "us") with respect to the processing of personal information collected through our website located at website_url_lnk ("Website") or when you utilize third party digital communication channels, such as WhatsApp, Instagram, etc., to communicate or transact with us ("Third Party Channels"). This Notice sets forth information we collect and why.
This Website and Digital Communication Privacy Notice ("Notice") describes the privacy practices of Volvo Car USA LLC ("Volvo Car USA", "we", "our", or "us") with respect to the processing of personal information collected through our website located at website_url_lnk ("Website") or when you utilize third party digital communication channels, such as WhatsApp, Instagram, etc., to communicate or transact with us ("Third Party Channels"). This Notice sets forth how we share your information; and
This Website and Digital Communication Privacy Notice ("Notice") describes the privacy practices of Volvo Car USA LLC ("Volvo Car USA", "we", "our", or "us") with respect to the processing of personal information collected through our website located at website_url_lnk ("Website") or when you utilize third party digital communication channels, such as WhatsApp, Instagram, etc., to communicate or transact with us ("Third Party Channels"). This Notice sets forth your rights about this use and sharing.
For information about how we share your information generally throughout our services, protect your information, process children's information, address Do Not Track, make changes to our Privacy Statement and Service Privacy Policies, and can be contacted, please see our Privacy Statement.
This Notice does not apply to authorized Volvo Cars retailers, or third parties to whom you directly provide your information including, but not limited to, subscription services, insurance companies, or other third parties who may offer special rates or products to Volvo Car USA customers, nor to content independently provided or posted on social media or Third Party Channels. These entities are independent of Volvo Car USA and responsible for their own collection of information. Please refer directly to those entities and their particular privacy policies for more information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND WHY
Volvo Car USA collects certain personal information from you when you use our Website or engage with us through Third Party Channels. "Personal information" is information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household or device. Some personal information we collect from you, either directly or automatically, and some personal information we may receive from other parties such as our Volvo retailers, our service providers, the government, or other third parties. This is explained below.
When you.
Access and Use or Website: We automatically collect your personal identifiers(such as your IP address), location information (such as may be determined from your IP address), internet activity information (such as usage information), and device information (such as hardware model, operating system, browser, and your Website preferences) to provide our Website to you. By accessing or using the Website, you agree to our use of session replay and related technologies to record or recreate your interactions with the Website (including those interactions listed below) to enable us to measure the quality, performance and usage of the Website, to create a seamless Website experience, and for verification purposes where required.
Use Our "Volvo Chat" Service: We collect from you your identifiers(such as your first and last name and e-mail address), as well as any other personal information you choose to provide in the chat communication, (either through a chatbot or directly with an agent), to chat with you and respond to your queries. By using the Volvo Chat Service, you agree that we may record and retain a transcript of all communications with you for verification purposes, to maintain a record of the discussion and any agreements between us, and to improve the quality, performance, and user experience of the Volvo Chat Service.
Utilize Third Party Channels we make available to interact with us (e.g., WhatsApp, Instagram): We collect from you your identifiers, (such as your first and last name, e-mail address, phone number, social media handle, and zip code), as well as any other personal information you choose to provide to us in order to communicate with you, to respond to requests for information and to facilitate transactions for products or services you have requested. You can opt-out of receiving communications through Third Party Channels by replying "STOP" to any message in the channel.
Use our Build & Price Tool: We collect from you your identifiers(such as your first and last name, e-mail address, and phone number), your location information (such as your zip code), and your internet activity information (such as the Volvo vehicle and its features you put together using the tool) to provide you with a price quote from a local retailer.
Use Our "Request a Quote" Tool: We collect from you your identifiers(such as your first and last name, e-mail address, and phone number) and your location information (such as your zip code) to provide you with a price quote from a local retailer.
Schedule a Test Drive: We collect from you your location information(such as you zip code) to provide you with a list of local retailers for your choice in scheduling. We also collect from you your identifiers (such as your first and last name, e-mail address, and phone number), as well as any additional personal information you choose to include in the webform, to submit your request to schedule a test drive to the selected local retailer.
Sign Up for Our Mailing List: We collect from you your identifiers(such as your first and last name, phone number and e-mail address) and location information (such as your zip code). We use them to send you by e-mail, phone or SMS text message, information and marketing communications on Volvo products and services that we feel may be of interest to you based on our analysis of your information and the inferences we make from it (e.g. the type of vehicle in which you expressed interest or the state in which you live). You can opt-out of receiving e-mails at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" button included in all marketing e-mails, or by contacting us at the contact information provided here. You can opt-out of receiving phone or SMS marketing communications by calling Volvo Customer Care at 800-550-5686 or replying "OPTOUT" to any SMS text message you receive from us.
Search New Car Inventory: We collect from you your location information(such as your zip code) to provide you with a list of Volvo vehicles available at local retailers.
Use Our "Find a Dealer" Tool: We collect from you your location information(such as your zip code) to provide you with a list of local retailers.
Use Our "Certified Collision" Search: We collect from you your location information(such as your zip code) you to provide you with a list of local Certified Collision Facilities.
Search for Volvo Genuine Parts or Accessories: We collect from you your vehicle information(such as your vehicle model and year) and your location information (such as your zip code) to provide you with information on the specific vehicle parts or accessories and a list of local retailers from whom you may purchase those parts or accessories.
Sign Up for a Volvo ID: We collect from you your identifiers(such as your first and last name, e-mail address, and telephone number) to create your Volvo ID.
Search Recall Information: We collect from you your identifiers(such as your VIN) to provide you with the relevant recall information, if any exists.
Submit Your My Volvo Story: We collect from you your identifiers(such as your first and last name, phone number, e-mail address), your location information (such as your city or state), your vehicle information (such as your Volvo model, year, and propulsion), and any other personal information you choose to include in your story such as any photos or videos. We use this information to review your submission and share your My Volvo Story on our Website and social media platforms or in Volvo Cars advertising or promotional materials.
Submit a Trade-In-Value Request: We collect from you your vehicle information(such as your vehicle model and year), your location information (such as your zip code), and your identifiers (such as your first and last name, phone number, and e-mail address) to provide you with your estimated trade-in value.
Register Your Volvo: We collect from you your identifiers(such as your first and last name, e-mail address, and phone number) and location information (your mailing address) to process your registration request.
Apply for a Job with Volvo Car USA: Our collection, use, and sharing of personal information for job applicants residing in the State of California is governed by our California Applicant Privacy Policy.
Search for or Purchase Volvo Lifestyle Accessories: Our collection, use, and sharing of personal information related to lifestyle accessories is governed by our Volvo Collection Privacy Policy.
Contact Us: We may collect any personal information you choose to provide in your communications to respond to your queries and provide you with your requested services or products.
Participate in Roadshows: We collect your identifiers(name, e-mail address, telephone number) and commercial information (products purchased, obtained, or considered). We use this information to facilitate your viewing of the vehicle and contact you with offers and information and marketing communications on Volvo products and services that we feel may be of interest to you, based on our analysis of your information and the inferences we make from it (e.g., the type of vehicle in which you expressed interest or the state in which you live).
When we collect personal information from you automatically as listed above, we do so through cookies and similar technologies. For information on how we use cookies across our digital platforms, please see our Cookie Notice.
Our Website includes social media features, such as Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter widgets. These features may collect identifiers (such as your IP address) and internet activity information (such as which page you are visiting on our Website). These widgets may set a cookie or utilize other tracking technologies to accomplish this. Social media features and widgets are hosted by a third party and your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them. Such sharing through cookies or other tracking technologies may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of the sharing of your personal information through cookies, see Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
For marketing and advertising purposes, we may share your information with marketing and advertising companies in order to more accurately target our communications to audience segments, provide personalized content or communication to our existing or prospective customer or to generate tailored marketing leads. For example, generating a lookalike audience of prospective consumers through Facebook's advertising platform. This allows us to target advertisements of Facebook's network to potential customers. For these purposes, we provide the advertising platforms with your identifiers (name, ZIP code, and e-mail address) and commercial information (products purchased, obtained, or considered). These companies may keep and use your information for their own purposes. Therefore, such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out, see Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
For information about how we share your information generally throughout our services, please see our Privacy Statement.
Sharing of personal information for a business purpose within the preceding 12 months.
In the preceding 12 months we have disclosed for a business purpose Your identifierswith retailers so that the retailer can respond to your requests for a price quote through our Build & Price or Request a Quote tools.
In the preceding 12 months we have disclosed for a business purpose Your identifiersand any other personal information you choose to include in a request to schedule a test drive with retailers so that the retailer can respond to your request to schedule a test drive.
In the preceding 12 months we have disclosed for a business purpose Your identifierswith our service providers, including ID.me to determine your eligibility for certain offers.
In the preceding 12 months we have disclosed for a business purpose Your identifiers, location information, and vehicle informationwith retailers to respond to your request for trade-in value and information.
In the preceding 12 months we have disclosed for a business purpose Your identifiers and internet activitywith our service providers who help us conduct analysis about our customers and engage with customers.
In the preceding 12 months we have disclosed for a business purpose Your identifiers and location informationwith our marketing partners for our own direct marketing or promotional purposes.
In the preceding 12 months we have disclosed for a business purpose Your identifierswith our roadshow events team to facilitate events and your viewing of the vehicle.
Sale of personal information within the preceding 12 months.
In the preceding 12 months we have shared Your identifiers, location information, and internet activity informationwith our marketing and advertising partners to serve you with relevant advertising. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of the sharing of your personal information through cookies, see Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
In the preceding 12 months we have shared Your identifiersand commercial information with advertising companies to engage in lookalike advertising in order to more accurately target our communications to audience segments, provide personalized content communications to existing of perspective consumers, and to generate marketing leads. These companies may keep and use your information for their own purposes. deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of the sharing, see Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY RIGHTS
Laws in various states provide rights to you with respect to your personal information. Our General Privacy Statement outlines these rights and how you can exercise those rights in the US.
MORE INFORMATION
For information about how we: share your information generally throughout our services, protect your information, process children's information, address Do Not Track, make changes to our Privacy Statement and Services Privacy Policies, and can be contacted, please see our Privacy Statement
To create a seamless website experience and for website quality and improvement purposes, we and our trusted business partners may retain or recreate browsing activity and use of interactive features. Learn more here. 
We use cookie technologies for verification and quality purposes, to personalize the content presented, and to provide advertising that may be of specific interest to you. To learn more click here, or to manage the use of certain cookies, click manage settings.
AcceptManage settings
If you reject cookies, some changes may not take effect until the page is refreshed.
Privacy Preference Center
To measure our website's quality, performance and usage, and to create a seamless website experience, we use technologies that record, transcribe, or recreate your browsing activity and use interactive features, such as chat functionality. Learn more here. We use cookie technologies for quality and verification purposes, to personalize the content presented to you, and to provide advertising that may be of specific interest based on your engagement with us. To learn more, or to manage our use of certain cookies, click here. 
More information
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
Strictly necessary cookies are cookies that are needed for our website to function correctly. They enable you to move around the website and use its standard features, such as accessing secure areas of the website or presenting the cookie banner when you enter the website. Strictly necessary cookies are usually only set in response to actions made by the user to a request for services, such as setting privacy preferences, logging in or filling in and submitting webforms. The cookies that belong to this category are always active by default and cannot be switched off by you. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
The following cookies are used to enable site functionalities or experiences that are visible and beneficial to you. The purpose of these cookies is to enhance and personalize your experience of our website, based on your previous website visits and selections. Functional cookies allow us, for example, to remember your username, preferred language, or region. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages as they are also used to enable functionalities such as web chat, playing a video, or commenting and rating systems. If you do not allow these then some or all these services may not function properly
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect statistical information such as counting visits and traffic sources, which pages are most and least popular, how visitor use our website, and if and when error messages are displayed. They are used to measure and improve the performance of our site. The information that these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not consent to these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting and Advertising Cookies
Targeting and Advertising Cookies
These cookies specifically include tags and pixels which are together used to collect information about your digital interactions with our products, both on our and other websites. The data helps us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and, in combination with information from your interaction with us on other channels (e-mails, Volvo Cars app, SMS, social media and digital ads), allows us to build a profile of your interests. We can then use that profile to purposefully deliver Volvo Cars advertisements tailored to you via multiple channels. Please note that Volvo Car Corporation together with our digital advertising partners is jointly responsible for the processing of personal data for marketing and advertising purposes. Specifically: with Facebook Ireland Limited for the delivery of targeted ads and improvement of ad targeting and delivery optimization, and the stages of collection and subsequent transmission to Facebook. For further information on how Facebook processes personal data Privacy Policy. If you refuse these cookies, advertising (including ours) will continue to be displayed as you browse the Internet, and marketing communication will still be sent to you, if you have consented to it, although it will not be specific to your personal interests and interaction and will therefore be less relevant.
Analytics cookies
Analytics cookies
Volvo Cars uses analytics tools which give us insights in to how you use and interact with our website and its services. This data consists of e.g., which pages you viewed; which links you clicked on; how long you spent on a page; cars that you have built in our configurator; and what device you have used; These insights will be used to both improve content and build better features that enhance your experience. If you have provided consent to advertising and to analytics cookies at the same time, we will use the analytics data for optimising our advertising. To read more about Volvo Cars' advertising, please see our General Privacy Notice.[ General Privacy Notice. Volvo Cars].
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
Reject All Confirm My ChoicesAllow All